NAME                                                               VERSION                         TYPE   
BDInfo                                                             0.7.6.2                         dotnet  
BlurHashSharp                                                      1.2.0                           dotnet  
BlurHashSharp.SkiaSharp                                            1.2.0                           dotnet  
CommandLineParser                                                  2.9.1                           dotnet  
DiscUtils.Core                                                     0.16.13                         dotnet  
DiscUtils.Iso9660                                                  0.16.13                         dotnet  
DiscUtils.Streams                                                  0.16.13                         dotnet  
DiscUtils.Udf                                                      0.16.13                         dotnet  
DotNet.Glob                                                        3.1.3                           dotnet  
Jellyfin.XmlTv                                                     10.8.0                          dotnet  
Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization                                 6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.AspNetCore.Metadata                                      6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces                                      6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.Core                                         6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore                                      6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions                         6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Analyzers                            6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational                           6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite                               6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.Core                          6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.ApiDescription.Server                         3.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions                          6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory                                6.0.1                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration                                 6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions                    6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder                          6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables            6.0.1                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions                  6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json                            6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection                           6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions              6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel                               6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks                      6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.Abstractions         6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.EntityFrameworkCore  6.0.9                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions                    6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical                        6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing                            6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions                          6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Http                                          6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Logging                                       6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions                          6.0.2                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Options                                       6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions               2.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives                                    6.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.NETCore.Platforms                                        5.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.NETCore.Targets                                          1.1.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.OpenApi                                                  1.2.3                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Win32.Registry                                           5.0.0                           dotnet  
Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents                                       5.0.0                           dotnet  
Mono.Nat                                                           3.0.3                           dotnet  
NEbml                                                              0.11.0                          dotnet  
Newtonsoft.Json                                                    13.0.1                          dotnet  
OptimizedPriorityQueue                                             5.1.0                           dotnet  
PlaylistsNET                                                       1.2.1                           dotnet  
SQLitePCL.pretty.netstandard                                       3.1.0                           dotnet  
SQLitePCLRaw.bundle_e_sqlite3                                      2.1.0                           dotnet  
SQLitePCLRaw.core                                                  2.1.0                           dotnet  
SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3                                         2.1.0                           dotnet  
SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3                                    2.1.0                           dotnet  
Serilog                                                            2.10.0                          dotnet  
Serilog.AspNetCore                                                 4.1.0                           dotnet  
Serilog.Enrichers.Thread                                           3.1.0                           dotnet  
Serilog.Extensions.Hosting                                         4.1.2                           dotnet  
Serilog.Extensions.Logging                                         3.0.1                           dotnet  
Serilog.Formatting.Compact                                         1.1.0                           dotnet  
Serilog.Settings.Configuration                                     3.3.0                           dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.Async                                                1.5.0                           dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.Console                                              4.0.1                           dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.Debug                                                2.0.0                           dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.File                                                 5.0.0                           dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.Graylog                                              2.3.0                           dotnet  
SharpCompress                                                      0.32.2                          dotnet  
SkiaSharp                                                          2.88.2                          dotnet  
SkiaSharp.NativeAssets.Linux                                       2.88.2                          dotnet  
SkiaSharp.NativeAssets.Win32                                       2.88.2                          dotnet  
SkiaSharp.NativeAssets.macOS                                       2.88.2                          dotnet  
SkiaSharp.Svg                                                      1.60.0                          dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore                                             6.2.3                           dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.ReDoc                                       6.3.1                           dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger                                     6.2.3                           dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen                                  6.2.3                           dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI                                   6.2.3                           dotnet  
System.Buffers                                                     4.5.1                           dotnet  
System.Collections.Immutable                                       6.0.0                           dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource                                6.0.0                           dotnet  
System.Drawing.Common                                              5.0.2                           dotnet  
System.Globalization                                               4.3.0                           dotnet  
System.Linq.Async                                                  6.0.1                           dotnet  
System.Memory                                                      4.5.4                           dotnet  
System.Private.Uri                                                 4.3.0                           dotnet  
System.Runtime                                                     4.3.0                           dotnet  
System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe                             6.0.0                           dotnet  
System.Security.AccessControl                                      5.0.0                           dotnet  
System.Security.Principal.Windows                                  5.0.0                           dotnet  
System.Text.Encoding.CodePages                                     6.0.0                           dotnet  
System.Text.Encodings.Web                                          6.0.0                           dotnet  
System.Text.Json                                                   6.0.6                           dotnet  
System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow                                    6.0.0                           dotnet  
TMDbLib                                                            1.9.2                           dotnet  
TagLibSharp                                                        2.3.0                           dotnet  
UTF.Unknown                                                        2.5.1                           dotnet  
adduser                                                            3.118                           deb     
apt                                                                2.2.4                           deb     
base-files                                                         11.1+deb11u5                    deb     
base-passwd                                                        3.5.51                          deb     
bash                                                               5.1-2+deb11u1                   deb     
bsdutils                                                           1:2.36.1-8+deb11u1              deb     
ca-certificates                                                    20210119                        deb     
coreutils                                                          8.32-4+b1                       deb     
curl                                                               7.74.0-1.3+deb11u3              deb     
dash                                                               0.5.11+git20200708+dd9ef66-5    deb     
debconf                                                            1.5.77                          deb     
debian-archive-keyring                                             2021.1.1                        deb     
debianutils                                                        4.11.2                          deb     
diffutils                                                          1:3.7-5                         deb     
dirmngr                                                            2.2.27-2+deb11u2                deb     
dpkg                                                               1.20.12                         deb     
e2fsprogs                                                          1.46.2-2                        deb     
findutils                                                          4.8.0-1                         deb     
fontconfig-config                                                  2.13.1-4.2                      deb     
fonts-dejavu-core                                                  2.37-2                          deb     
gcc-10-base                                                        10.2.1-6                        deb     
gcc-9-base                                                         9.3.0-22                        deb     
gpg-agent                                                          2.2.27-2+deb11u2                deb     
gpgv                                                               2.2.27-2+deb11u2                deb     
grep                                                               3.6-1                           deb     
gzip                                                               1.10-4+deb11u1                  deb     
hostname                                                           3.23                            deb     
init-system-helpers                                                1.60                            deb     
intel-igc-core                                                     1.0.11485                       deb     
intel-igc-opencl                                                   1.0.11485                       deb     
intel-level-zero-gpu                                               1.3.23789                       deb     
intel-opencl-icd                                                   22.30.23789                     deb     
jellyfin-ffmpeg5                                                   5.1.1-1-bullseye                deb     
libacl1                                                            2.2.53-10                       deb     
libapt-pkg6.0                                                      2.2.4                           deb     
libass9                                                            1:0.15.0-2                      deb     
libattr1                                                           1:2.4.48-6                      deb     
libaudit-common                                                    1:3.0-2                         deb     
libaudit1                                                          1:3.0-2                         deb     
libblkid1                                                          2.36.1-8+deb11u1                deb     
libbluray2                                                         1:1.2.1-4+deb11u1               deb     
libbrotli1                                                         1.0.9-2+b2                      deb     
libbsd0                                                            0.11.3-1                        deb     
libbz2-1.0                                                         1.0.8-4                         deb     
libc-bin                                                           2.31-13+deb11u4                 deb     
libc-l10n                                                          2.31-13+deb11u4                 deb     
libc6                                                              2.31-13+deb11u4                 deb     
libcairo2                                                          1.16.0-5                        deb     
libcap-ng0                                                         0.7.9-2.2+b1                    deb     
libcom-err2                                                        1.46.2-2                        deb     
libcrypt1                                                          1:4.4.18-4                      deb     
libcurl4                                                           7.74.0-1.3+deb11u3              deb     
libdb5.3                                                           5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8                deb     
libdebconfclient0                                                  0.260                           deb     
libdrm-amdgpu1                                                     2.4.104-1                       deb     
libdrm-common                                                      2.4.104-1                       deb     
libdrm-nouveau2                                                    2.4.104-1                       deb     
libdrm-radeon1                                                     2.4.104-1                       deb     
libdrm2                                                            2.4.104-1                       deb     
libedit2                                                           3.1-20191231-2+b1               deb     
libelf1                                                            0.183-1                         deb     
libexpat1                                                          2.2.10-2+deb11u4                deb     
libext2fs2                                                         1.46.2-2                        deb     
libffi7                                                            3.3-6                           deb     
libfontconfig1                                                     2.13.1-4.2                      deb     
libfreetype6                                                       2.10.4+dfsg-1+deb11u1           deb     
libfribidi0                                                        1.0.8-2+deb11u1                 deb     
libgcc-s1                                                          10.2.1-6                        deb     
libgcrypt20                                                        1.8.7-6                         deb     
libglib2.0-0                                                       2.66.8-1                        deb     
libgmp10                                                           2:6.2.1+dfsg-1+deb11u1          deb     
libgnutls30                                                        3.7.1-5+deb11u2                 deb     
libgpg-error0                                                      1.38-2                          deb     
libgraphite2-3                                                     1.3.14-1                        deb     
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                   1.18.3-6+deb11u2                deb     
libharfbuzz0b                                                      2.7.4-1                         deb     
libhogweed6                                                        3.7.3-1                         deb     
libicu67                                                           67.1-7                          deb     
libidn2-0                                                          2.3.0-5                         deb     
libigdgmm12                                                        22.1.3                          deb     
libk5crypto3                                                       1.18.3-6+deb11u2                deb     
libkeyutils1                                                       1.6.1-2                         deb     
libkrb5-3                                                          1.18.3-6+deb11u2                deb     
libkrb5support0                                                    1.18.3-6+deb11u2                deb     
libldap-2.4-2                                                      2.4.57+dfsg-3+deb11u1           deb     
libllvm11                                                          1:11.0.1-2                      deb     
liblz4-1                                                           1.9.3-2                         deb     
liblzma5                                                           5.2.5-2.1~deb11u1               deb     
libmd0                                                             1.0.3-3                         deb     
libmount1                                                          2.36.1-8+deb11u1                deb     
libmp3lame0                                                        3.100-3                         deb     
libnettle8                                                         3.7.3-1                         deb     
libnghttp2-14                                                      1.43.0-1                        deb     
libnsl2                                                            1.3.0-2                         deb     
libnuma1                                                           2.0.12-1+b1                     deb     
libogg0                                                            1.3.4-0.1                       deb     
libopus0                                                           1.3.1-0.1                       deb     
libp11-kit0                                                        0.23.22-1                       deb     
libpam-modules                                                     1.4.0-9+deb11u1                 deb     
libpam-modules-bin                                                 1.4.0-9+deb11u1                 deb     
libpam-runtime                                                     1.4.0-9+deb11u1                 deb     
libpam0g                                                           1.4.0-9+deb11u1                 deb     
libpciaccess0                                                      0.16-1                          deb     
libpcre2-8-0                                                       10.36-2+deb11u1                 deb     
libpcre3                                                           2:8.39-13                       deb     
libpixman-1-0                                                      0.40.0-1                        deb     
libpng16-16                                                        1.6.37-3                        deb     
libpsl5                                                            0.21.0-1.2                      deb     
librtmp1                                                           2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2+b2  deb     
libsasl2-2                                                         2.1.27+dfsg-2.1+deb11u1         deb     
libsasl2-modules-db                                                2.1.27+dfsg-2.1+deb11u1         deb     
libse                                                              3.6.5                           dotnet  
libseccomp2                                                        2.5.1-1+deb11u1                 deb     
libselinux1                                                        3.1-3                           deb     
libsemanage-common                                                 3.1-1                           deb     
libsemanage1                                                       3.1-1+b2                        deb     
libsepol1                                                          3.1-1                           deb     
libsmartcols1                                                      2.36.1-8+deb11u1                deb     
libss2                                                             1.46.2-2                        deb     
libssh2-1                                                          1.9.0-2                         deb     
libssl1.1                                                          1.1.1n-0+deb11u3                deb     
libstdc++6                                                         10.2.1-6                        deb     
libsystemd0                                                        247.3-7+deb11u1                 deb     
libtasn1-6                                                         4.16.0-2                        deb     
libtheora0                                                         1.1.1+dfsg.1-15                 deb     
libtinfo6                                                          6.2+20201114-2                  deb     
libtirpc-common                                                    1.3.1-1+deb11u1                 deb     
libtirpc3                                                          1.3.1-1+deb11u1                 deb     
libudev1                                                           247.3-7+deb11u1                 deb     
libudfread0                                                        1.1.1-1                         deb     
libunistring2                                                      0.9.10-4                        deb     
libuuid1                                                           2.36.1-8+deb11u1                deb     
libvorbis0a                                                        1.3.7-1                         deb     
libvorbisenc2                                                      1.3.7-1                         deb     
libvpx6                                                            1.9.0-1                         deb     
libwebp6                                                           0.6.1-2.1                       deb     
libwebpmux3                                                        0.6.1-2.1                       deb     
libx11-6                                                           2:1.7.2-1                       deb     
libx11-data                                                        2:1.7.2-1                       deb     
libx11-xcb1                                                        2:1.7.2-1                       deb     
libx264-160                                                        2:0.160.3011+gitcde9a93-2.1     deb     
libx265-192                                                        3.4-2                           deb     
libxau6                                                            1:1.0.9-1                       deb     
libxcb-dri2-0                                                      1.14-3                          deb     
libxcb-dri3-0                                                      1.14-3                          deb     
libxcb-present0                                                    1.14-3                          deb     
libxcb-randr0                                                      1.14-3                          deb     
libxcb-render0                                                     1.14-3                          deb     
libxcb-shm0                                                        1.14-3                          deb     
libxcb-sync1                                                       1.14-3                          deb     
libxcb-xfixes0                                                     1.14-3                          deb     
libxcb1                                                            1.14-3                          deb     
libxdmcp6                                                          1:1.1.2-3                       deb     
libxext6                                                           2:1.3.3-1.1                     deb     
libxml2                                                            2.9.10+dfsg-6.7+deb11u2         deb     
libxrender1                                                        1:0.9.10-1                      deb     
libxshmfence1                                                      1.3-1                           deb     
libxxhash0                                                         0.8.0-2                         deb     
libz3-4                                                            4.8.10-1                        deb     
libzstd1                                                           1.4.8+dfsg-2.1                  deb     
libzvbi-common                                                     0.2.35-18                       deb     
libzvbi0                                                           0.2.35-18                       deb     
locales                                                            2.31-13+deb11u4                 deb     
login                                                              1:4.8.1-1                       deb     
logsave                                                            1.46.2-2                        deb     
lsb-base                                                           11.1.0                          deb     
mawk                                                               1.3.4.20200120-2                deb     
mesa-va-drivers                                                    20.3.5-1                        deb     
mount                                                              2.36.1-8+deb11u1                deb     
ncurses-base                                                       6.2+20201114-2                  deb     
ncurses-bin                                                        6.2+20201114-2                  deb     
ocl-icd-libopencl1                                                 2.2.14-2                        deb     
openssl                                                            1.1.1n-0+deb11u3                deb     
passwd                                                             1:4.8.1-1                       deb     
perl-base                                                          5.32.1-4+deb11u2                deb     
prometheus-net                                                     6.0.0                           dotnet  
prometheus-net.AspNetCore                                          6.0.0                           dotnet  
prometheus-net.DotNetRuntime                                       4.2.4                           dotnet  
readline-common                                                    8.1-1                           deb     
runtime.any.System.Globalization                                   4.3.0                           dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Runtime                                         4.3.0                           dotnet  
runtime.native.System                                              4.3.0                           dotnet  
runtime.unix.System.Private.Uri                                    4.3.0                           dotnet  
sed                                                                4.7-1                           deb     
sensible-utils                                                     0.0.14                          deb     
sysvinit-utils                                                     2.96-7+deb11u1                  deb     
tar                                                                1.34+dfsg-1                     deb     
tzdata                                                             2021a-1+deb11u5                 deb     
ucf                                                                3.0043                          deb     
util-linux                                                         2.36.1-8+deb11u1                deb     
wget                                                               1.21-1+deb11u1                  deb     
zlib.net-mutliplatform                                             1.0.5                           dotnet  
zlib1g                                                             1:1.2.11.dfsg-2+deb11u2         deb     
