NAME                  VERSION                        TYPE   
adduser               3.113+nmu3ubuntu4              deb     
apt                   1.2.24                         deb     
argparse              1.2.1                          python  
base-files            9.4ubuntu4.5                   deb     
base-passwd           3.5.39                         deb     
bash                  4.3-14ubuntu1.2                deb     
bsdutils              1:2.27.1-6ubuntu3.3            deb     
coreutils             8.25-2ubuntu3~16.04            deb     
dash                  0.5.8-2.1ubuntu2               deb     
debconf               1.5.58ubuntu1                  deb     
debianutils           4.7                            deb     
diffutils             1:3.3-3                        deb     
dpkg                  1.18.4ubuntu1.3                deb     
e2fslibs              1.42.13-1ubuntu1               deb     
e2fsprogs             1.42.13-1ubuntu1               deb     
findutils             4.6.0+git+20160126-2           deb     
gcc-5-base            5.4.0-6ubuntu1~16.04.5         deb     
gcc-6-base            6.0.1-0ubuntu1                 deb     
gnupg                 1.4.20-1ubuntu3.1              deb     
gpgv                  1.4.20-1ubuntu3.1              deb     
grep                  2.25-1~16.04.1                 deb     
gzip                  1.6-4ubuntu1                   deb     
hostname              3.16ubuntu2                    deb     
init                  1.29ubuntu4                    deb     
init-system-helpers   1.29ubuntu4                    deb     
initscripts           2.88dsf-59.3ubuntu2            deb     
insserv               1.14.0-5ubuntu3                deb     
libacl1               2.2.52-3                       deb     
libapparmor1          2.10.95-0ubuntu2.7             deb     
libapt-pkg5.0         1.2.24                         deb     
libattr1              1:2.4.47-2                     deb     
libaudit-common       1:2.4.5-1ubuntu2               deb     
libaudit1             1:2.4.5-1ubuntu2               deb     
libblkid1             2.27.1-6ubuntu3.3              deb     
libbz2-1.0            1.0.6-8                        deb     
libc-bin              2.23-0ubuntu9                  deb     
libc6                 2.23-0ubuntu9                  deb     
libcap2               1:2.24-12                      deb     
libcap2-bin           1:2.24-12                      deb     
libcomerr2            1.42.13-1ubuntu1               deb     
libcryptsetup4        2:1.6.6-5ubuntu2.1             deb     
libdb5.3              5.3.28-11ubuntu0.1             deb     
libdebconfclient0     0.198ubuntu1                   deb     
libdevmapper1.02.1    2:1.02.110-1ubuntu10           deb     
libexpat1             2.1.0-7ubuntu0.16.04.3         deb     
libfdisk1             2.27.1-6ubuntu3.3              deb     
libffi6               3.2.1-4                        deb     
libgcc1               1:6.0.1-0ubuntu1               deb     
libgcrypt20           1.6.5-2ubuntu0.3               deb     
libgpg-error0         1.21-2ubuntu1                  deb     
libkmod2              22-1ubuntu5                    deb     
liblz4-1              0.0~r131-2ubuntu2              deb     
liblzma5              5.1.1alpha+20120614-2ubuntu2   deb     
libmount1             2.27.1-6ubuntu3.3              deb     
libncurses5           6.0+20160213-1ubuntu1          deb     
libncursesw5          6.0+20160213-1ubuntu1          deb     
libpam-modules        1.1.8-3.2ubuntu2               deb     
libpam-modules-bin    1.1.8-3.2ubuntu2               deb     
libpam-runtime        1.1.8-3.2ubuntu2               deb     
libpam0g              1.1.8-3.2ubuntu2               deb     
libpcre3              2:8.38-3.1                     deb     
libprocps4            2:3.3.10-4ubuntu2.3            deb     
libpython-stdlib      2.7.11-1                       deb     
libpython2.7-minimal  2.7.12-1ubuntu0~16.04.2        deb     
libpython2.7-stdlib   2.7.12-1ubuntu0~16.04.2        deb     
libreadline6          6.3-8ubuntu2                   deb     
libseccomp2           2.2.3-3ubuntu3                 deb     
libselinux1           2.4-3build2                    deb     
libsemanage-common    2.3-1build3                    deb     
libsemanage1          2.3-1build3                    deb     
libsepol1             2.4-2                          deb     
libsmartcols1         2.27.1-6ubuntu3.3              deb     
libsqlite3-0          3.11.0-1ubuntu1                deb     
libss2                1.42.13-1ubuntu1               deb     
libssl1.0.0           1.0.2g-1ubuntu4.10             deb     
libstdc++6            5.4.0-6ubuntu1~16.04.5         deb     
libsystemd0           229-4ubuntu21                  deb     
libtinfo5             6.0+20160213-1ubuntu1          deb     
libudev1              229-4ubuntu21                  deb     
libusb-0.1-4          2:0.1.12-28                    deb     
libustr-1.0-1         1.0.4-5                        deb     
libuuid1              2.27.1-6ubuntu3.3              deb     
login                 1:4.2-3.1ubuntu5.3             deb     
lsb-base              9.20160110ubuntu0.2            deb     
makedev               2.3.1-93ubuntu2~ubuntu16.04.1  deb     
mawk                  1.3.3-17ubuntu2                deb     
meld3                 1.0.2                          python  
mime-support          3.59ubuntu1                    deb     
mount                 2.27.1-6ubuntu3.3              deb     
multiarch-support     2.23-0ubuntu9                  deb     
ncurses-base          6.0+20160213-1ubuntu1          deb     
ncurses-bin           6.0+20160213-1ubuntu1          deb     
passwd                1:4.2-3.1ubuntu5.3             deb     
perl-base             5.22.1-9ubuntu0.2              deb     
pip                   9.0.1                          python  
procps                2:3.3.10-4ubuntu2.3            deb     
python                2.7.11-1                       deb     
python-meld3          1.0.2-2                        deb     
python-minimal        2.7.11-1                       deb     
python-pkg-resources  20.7.0-1                       deb     
python2.7             2.7.12-1ubuntu0~16.04.2        deb     
python2.7-minimal     2.7.12-1ubuntu0~16.04.2        deb     
readline-common       6.3-8ubuntu2                   deb     
sed                   4.2.2-7                        deb     
sensible-utils        0.0.9                          deb     
shadowsocks           2.8.2                          python  
supervisor            3.2.0                          python  
supervisor            3.2.0-2ubuntu0.1               deb     
systemd               229-4ubuntu21                  deb     
systemd-sysv          229-4ubuntu21                  deb     
sysv-rc               2.88dsf-59.3ubuntu2            deb     
sysvinit-utils        2.88dsf-59.3ubuntu2            deb     
tar                   1.28-2.1ubuntu0.1              deb     
ubuntu-keyring        2012.05.19                     deb     
util-linux            2.27.1-6ubuntu3.3              deb     
wsgiref               0.1.2                          python  
zlib1g                1:1.2.8.dfsg-2ubuntu4.1        deb     
