NAME                         VERSION                TYPE   
PyGObject                    3.22.0                 python  
acl                          2.2.51-15.el7          rpm     
audit-libs                   2.8.5-4.el7            rpm     
basesystem                   10.0-7.el7.centos      rpm     
bash                         4.2.46-34.el7          rpm     
bind-license                 32:9.11.4-16.P2.el7    rpm     
binutils                     2.27-43.base.el7       rpm     
bzip2-libs                   1.0.6-13.el7           rpm     
ca-certificates              2019.2.32-76.el7_7     rpm     
centos-release               7-8.2003.0.el7.centos  rpm     
chardet                      2.2.1                  python  
chkconfig                    1.7.4-1.el7            rpm     
coreutils                    8.22-24.el7            rpm     
cpio                         2.11-27.el7            rpm     
cracklib                     2.9.0-11.el7           rpm     
cracklib-dicts               2.9.0-11.el7           rpm     
cryptsetup-libs              2.0.3-6.el7            rpm     
curl                         7.29.0-57.el7          rpm     
cyrus-sasl-lib               2.1.26-23.el7          rpm     
dbus                         1:1.10.24-13.el7_6     rpm     
dbus-glib                    0.100-7.el7            rpm     
dbus-libs                    1:1.10.24-13.el7_6     rpm     
dbus-python                  1.1.1-9.el7            rpm     
decorator                    4.4.1                  python  
device-mapper                7:1.02.164-7.el7       rpm     
device-mapper-libs           7:1.02.164-7.el7       rpm     
diffutils                    3.3-5.el7              rpm     
docutils                     0.14                   python  
dracut                       033-568.el7            rpm     
duo_client                   4.0.0                  python  
duoauthproxy                 3.2.1                  python  
elfutils-default-yama-scope  0.176-4.el7            rpm     
elfutils-libelf              0.176-4.el7            rpm     
elfutils-libs                0.176-4.el7            rpm     
expat                        2.1.0-11.el7           rpm     
file-libs                    5.11-36.el7            rpm     
filesystem                   3.2-25.el7             rpm     
findutils                    1:4.5.11-6.el7         rpm     
gawk                         4.0.2-4.el7_3.1        rpm     
gdbm                         1.10-8.el7             rpm     
geoipupdate                  2.5.0-1.el7            rpm     
glib2                        2.56.1-5.el7           rpm     
glibc                        2.17-307.el7.1         rpm     
glibc-common                 2.17-307.el7.1         rpm     
gmp                          1:6.0.0-15.el7         rpm     
gnupg2                       2.0.22-5.el7_5         rpm     
gobject-introspection        1.56.1-1.el7           rpm     
gpg-pubkey                   f4a80eb5-53a7ff4b      rpm     
gpgme                        1.3.2-5.el7            rpm     
grep                         2.20-3.el7             rpm     
gzip                         1.5-10.el7             rpm     
hardlink                     1:1.0-19.el7           rpm     
hostname                     3.13-3.el7_7.1         rpm     
info                         5.1-5.el7              rpm     
iniparse                     0.4                    python  
iputils                      20160308-10.el7        rpm     
json-c                       0.11-4.el7_0           rpm     
keyutils-libs                1.5.8-3.el7            rpm     
kitchen                      1.1.1                  python  
kmod                         20-28.el7              rpm     
kmod-libs                    20-28.el7              rpm     
kpartx                       0.4.9-131.el7          rpm     
krb5-libs                    1.15.1-46.el7          rpm     
libacl                       2.2.51-15.el7          rpm     
libassuan                    2.1.0-3.el7            rpm     
libattr                      2.4.46-13.el7          rpm     
libblkid                     2.23.2-63.el7          rpm     
libcap                       2.22-11.el7            rpm     
libcap-ng                    0.7.5-4.el7            rpm     
libcom_err                   1.42.9-17.el7          rpm     
libcurl                      7.29.0-57.el7          rpm     
libdb                        5.3.21-25.el7          rpm     
libdb-utils                  5.3.21-25.el7          rpm     
libffi                       3.0.13-19.el7          rpm     
libgcc                       4.8.5-39.el7           rpm     
libgcrypt                    1.5.3-14.el7           rpm     
libgpg-error                 1.12-3.el7             rpm     
libidn                       1.28-4.el7             rpm     
libmount                     2.23.2-63.el7          rpm     
libpwquality                 1.2.3-5.el7            rpm     
libselinux                   2.5-15.el7             rpm     
libsemanage                  2.5-14.el7             rpm     
libsepol                     2.5-10.el7             rpm     
libsmartcols                 2.23.2-63.el7          rpm     
libssh2                      1.8.0-3.el7            rpm     
libstdc++                    4.8.5-39.el7           rpm     
libtasn1                     4.10-1.el7             rpm     
libuser                      0.60-9.el7             rpm     
libutempter                  1.1.6-4.el7            rpm     
libuuid                      2.23.2-63.el7          rpm     
libverto                     0.2.5-4.el7            rpm     
libxml2                      2.9.1-6.el7.4          rpm     
libxml2-python               2.9.1-6.el7.4          rpm     
lua                          5.1.4-15.el7           rpm     
lz4                          1.7.5-3.el7            rpm     
make                         1:3.82-24.el7          rpm     
mock                         2.0.0                  python  
mox                          0.5.3                  python  
ncurses                      5.9-14.20130511.el7_4  rpm     
ncurses-base                 5.9-14.20130511.el7_4  rpm     
ncurses-libs                 5.9-14.20130511.el7_4  rpm     
netaddr                      0.7.10                 python  
nspr                         4.21.0-1.el7           rpm     
nss                          3.44.0-7.el7_7         rpm     
nss-pem                      1.0.3-7.el7            rpm     
nss-softokn                  3.44.0-8.el7_7         rpm     
nss-softokn-freebl           3.44.0-8.el7_7         rpm     
nss-sysinit                  3.44.0-7.el7_7         rpm     
nss-tools                    3.44.0-7.el7_7         rpm     
nss-util                     3.44.0-4.el7_7         rpm     
openldap                     2.4.44-21.el7_6        rpm     
openssl                      1:1.0.2k-19.el7        rpm     
openssl-libs                 1:1.0.2k-19.el7        rpm     
ordereddict                  1.1                    python  
p11-kit                      0.23.5-3.el7           rpm     
p11-kit-trust                0.23.5-3.el7           rpm     
pam                          1.1.8-23.el7           rpm     
passwd                       0.79-6.el7             rpm     
pbr                          3.1.1                  python  
pcre                         8.32-17.el7            rpm     
pinentry                     0.8.1-17.el7           rpm     
pkgconfig                    1:0.27.1-4.el7         rpm     
popt                         1.13-16.el7            rpm     
procps-ng                    3.3.10-27.el7          rpm     
pth                          2.0.7-23.el7           rpm     
pycparser                    2.10                   python  
pycurl                       7.19.0                 python  
pygpgme                      0.3                    python  
pygpgme                      0.3-9.el7              rpm     
pyliblzma                    0.5.3                  python  
pyliblzma                    0.5.3-11.el7           rpm     
pyrad                        2.0                    python  
python                       2.7.5-88.el7           rpm     
python-chardet               2.2.1-3.el7            rpm     
python-gobject-base          3.22.0-1.el7_4.1       rpm     
python-iniparse              0.4-9.el7              rpm     
python-kitchen               1.1.1-5.el7            rpm     
python-libs                  2.7.5-88.el7           rpm     
python-pycurl                7.19.0-19.el7          rpm     
python-urlgrabber            3.10-10.el7            rpm     
pyxattr                      0.5.1                  python  
pyxattr                      0.5.1-5.el7            rpm     
qrencode-libs                3.4.1-3.el7            rpm     
readline                     6.2-11.el7             rpm     
rootfiles                    8.1-11.el7             rpm     
rpm                          4.11.3-43.el7          rpm     
rpm-build-libs               4.11.3-43.el7          rpm     
rpm-libs                     4.11.3-43.el7          rpm     
rpm-python                   4.11.3-43.el7          rpm     
sed                          4.2.2-6.el7            rpm     
setup                        2.8.71-11.el7          rpm     
shadow-utils                 2:4.6-5.el7            rpm     
shared-mime-info             1.8-5.el7              rpm     
sqlite                       3.7.17-8.el7_7.1       rpm     
systemd                      219-73.el7.1           rpm     
systemd-libs                 219-73.el7.1           rpm     
tar                          2:1.26-35.el7          rpm     
twisted-connect-proxy        1.0                    python  
tzdata                       2019c-1.el7            rpm     
urlgrabber                   3.10                   python  
ustr                         1.0.4-16.el7           rpm     
util-linux                   2.23.2-63.el7          rpm     
vim-minimal                  2:7.4.629-6.el7        rpm     
wsgiref                      0.1.2                  python  
xz                           5.2.2-1.el7            rpm     
xz-libs                      5.2.2-1.el7            rpm     
yum                          3.4.3-167.el7.centos   rpm     
yum-metadata-parser          1.1.4                  python  
yum-metadata-parser          1.1.4-10.el7           rpm     
yum-plugin-fastestmirror     1.1.31-53.el7          rpm     
yum-plugin-ovl               1.1.31-53.el7          rpm     
yum-utils                    1.1.31-53.el7          rpm     
zlib                         1.2.7-18.el7           rpm     
