NAME                                                                          VERSION                                              TYPE         
@npmcli/arborist                                                              2.1.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/ci-detect                                                             1.3.0                                                npm           
@npmcli/config                                                                1.2.9                                                npm           
@npmcli/disparity-colors                                                      1.0.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/git                                                                   2.0.4                                                npm           
@npmcli/installed-package-contents                                            1.0.5                                                npm           
@npmcli/map-workspaces                                                        1.0.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/metavuln-calculator                                                   1.0.2                                                npm           
@npmcli/move-file                                                             1.0.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/name-from-folder                                                      1.0.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/node-gyp                                                              1.0.1                                                npm           
@npmcli/promise-spawn                                                         1.3.2                                                npm           
@npmcli/run-script                                                            1.8.1                                                npm           
@rails/actiontext                                                             6.1.6-1                                              npm           
@tootallnate/once                                                             1.1.2                                                npm           
@types/color-name                                                             1.1.1                                                npm           
@types/debug                                                                  4.1.5                                                npm           
@types/extsprintf                                                             1.4.1                                                npm           
@types/fast-json-stable-stringify                                             2.0.0                                                npm           
@types/glob                                                                   7.1.3                                                npm           
@types/graceful-fs                                                            4.1.4                                                npm           
@types/json-schema                                                            7.0.6                                                npm           
@types/json-stable-stringify                                                  1.0.32                                               npm           
@types/mime-db                                                                1.43.0                                               npm           
@types/mime-types                                                             2.1.0                                                npm           
@types/minimatch                                                              3.0.3                                                npm           
@types/mkdirp                                                                 1.0.1                                                npm           
@types/ms                                                                     0.7.31                                               npm           
@types/node                                                                   12.20.55                                             npm           
@types/normalize-package-data                                                 2.4.0                                                npm           
@types/resolve                                                                1.17.1                                               npm           
@types/rimraf                                                                 3.0.0                                                npm           
@types/semver                                                                 7.3.4                                                npm           
@types/supports-color                                                         7.2.0                                                npm           
@types/tar                                                                    4.0.4                                                npm           
@types/through                                                                0.0.30                                               npm           
@types/uuid                                                                   8.3.0                                                npm           
@types/which                                                                  1.3.2                                                npm           
@types/write-file-atomic                                                      3.0.1                                                npm           
JSONStream                                                                    1.3.5                                                npm           
Samson                                                                        0.1.0                                                npm           
abbrev                                                                        1.1.1                                                npm           
actioncable                                                                   6.1.6.1                                              gem           
actionmailbox                                                                 6.1.6.1                                              gem           
actionmailer                                                                  6.1.6.1                                              gem           
actionpack                                                                    6.1.6.1                                              gem           
actiontext                                                                    6.1.6.1                                              gem           
actionview                                                                    6.1.6.1                                              gem           
active_hash                                                                   3.0.0                                                gem           
activejob                                                                     6.1.6.1                                              gem           
activemodel                                                                   6.1.6.1                                              gem           
activerecord                                                                  6.1.6.1                                              gem           
activestorage                                                                 6.1.6.1                                              gem           
activesupport                                                                 6.1.6.1                                              gem           
addressable                                                                   2.8.0                                                gem           
adduser                                                                       3.118                                                deb           
agent-base                                                                    6.0.2                                                npm           
agentkeepalive                                                                4.1.3                                                npm           
aggregate-error                                                               3.1.0                                                npm           
airbrake                                                                      11.0.1                                               gem           
airbrake-ruby                                                                 5.2.0                                                gem           
ajv                                                                           6.12.6                                               npm           
ansi                                                                          0.3.1                                                npm           
ansi-regex                                                                    5.0.1                                                npm           
ansi-styles                                                                   4.2.1                                                npm           
ansible                                                                       0.2.2                                                gem           
ansicolors                                                                    0.3.2                                                npm           
ansistyles                                                                    0.1.3                                                npm           
aproba                                                                        2.0.0                                                npm           
apt                                                                           2.2.4                                                deb           
apt-transport-https                                                           2.2.4                                                deb           
ar_multi_threaded_transactional_tests                                         0.5.0                                                gem           
archy                                                                         1.0.0                                                npm           
are-we-there-yet                                                              1.1.5                                                npm           
args4j                                                                        2.0.16                                               java-archive  
asap                                                                          2.0.6                                                npm           
asn1                                                                          0.2.3                                                npm           
assert-plus                                                                   1.0.0                                                npm           
ast                                                                           2.4.1                                                gem           
async-listen                                                                  1.2.0                                                npm           
asynckit                                                                      0.4.0                                                npm           
attr_encrypted                                                                3.1.0                                                gem           
audited                                                                       4.10.0                                               gem           
autoprefixer-rails                                                            9.4.8                                                gem           
awesome_print                                                                 1.6.1                                                gem           
aws-eventstream                                                               1.1.0                                                gem           
aws-partitions                                                                1.329.0                                              gem           
aws-sdk-core                                                                  3.100.0                                              gem           
aws-sdk-ecr                                                                   1.3.0                                                gem           
aws-sdk-kms                                                                   1.23.0                                               gem           
aws-sdk-s3                                                                    1.45.0                                               gem           
aws-sign2                                                                     0.7.1                                                npm           
aws-sigv4                                                                     1.1.4                                                gem           
aws4                                                                          1.11.0                                               npm           
balanced-match                                                                1.0.0                                                npm           
balanced-match                                                                1.0.2                                                npm           
base-files                                                                    11.1+deb11u5                                         deb           
base-passwd                                                                   3.5.51                                               deb           
bash                                                                          5.1-2+deb11u1                                        deb           
bcrypt-pbkdf                                                                  1.0.2                                                npm           
benchmark                                                                     0.1.0                                                gem           
bigdecimal                                                                    2.0.0                                                gem           
bin-links                                                                     2.2.1                                                npm           
binary-extensions                                                             2.2.0                                                npm           
binding_of_caller                                                             0.8.0                                                gem           
binutils                                                                      2.35.2-2                                             deb           
binutils-common                                                               2.35.2-2                                             deb           
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu                                                     2.35.2-2                                             deb           
bootsnap                                                                      1.4.5                                                gem           
bootstrap-sass                                                                3.4.1                                                gem           
bootstrap-sass                                                                3.4.1                                                npm           
bootstrap3-datetimepicker-rails                                               4.17.47                                              gem           
brace-expansion                                                               1.1.11                                               npm           
brace-expansion                                                               2.0.0                                                npm           
brakeman                                                                      5.3.1                                                gem           
bsdutils                                                                      1:2.36.1-8+deb11u1                                   deb           
build-essential                                                               12.9                                                 deb           
builder                                                                       3.2.4                                                gem           
builtins                                                                      1.0.3                                                npm           
bundler                                                                       2.1.4                                                gem           
bundler-audit                                                                 0.9.0.1                                              gem           
byebug                                                                        8.2.5                                                gem           
byte-size                                                                     7.0.0                                                npm           
bzip2                                                                         1.0.8-4                                              deb           
ca-certificates                                                               20210119                                             deb           
cacache                                                                       15.0.5                                               npm           
callsites                                                                     3.1.0                                                npm           
caseless                                                                      0.12.1                                               npm           
cgi                                                                           0.1.0.1                                              gem           
chalk                                                                         4.1.0                                                npm           
chownr                                                                        1.1.3                                                npm           
cidr-regex                                                                    3.1.1                                                npm           
clean-stack                                                                   2.2.0                                                npm           
clean-stack                                                                   3.0.0                                                npm           
cli                                                                           1.0.1                                                npm           
cli                                                                           1.502                                                java-archive  
cli-columns                                                                   3.1.2                                                npm           
cli-table3                                                                    0.6.0                                                npm           
clone                                                                         2.1.2                                                npm           
cloud.google.com/go                                                           v0.81.0                                              go-module     
cmd-shim                                                                      4.0.2                                                npm           
code-point-at                                                                 1.1.0                                                npm           
coderay                                                                       1.1.1                                                gem           
color-convert                                                                 1.9.3                                                npm           
color-name                                                                    1.1.4                                                npm           
colors                                                                        1.4.0                                                npm           
columnify                                                                     1.5.4                                                npm           
combined-stream                                                               1.0.8                                                npm           
common-ancestor-path                                                          1.0.1                                                npm           
commonmarker                                                                  0.23.4                                               gem           
commons-codec                                                                 1.4                                                  java-archive  
concat-map                                                                    0.0.1                                                npm           
concurrent-ruby                                                               1.1.10                                               gem           
concurrent_ruby                                                                                                                    java-archive  
connection_pool                                                               2.2.1                                                gem           
console-browserify                                                            1.1.0                                                npm           
console-control-strings                                                       1.1.0                                                npm           
containerd.io                                                                 1.6.8-1                                              deb           
copy-concurrently                                                             1.0.5                                                npm           
core-util-is                                                                  1.0.2                                                npm           
core-util-is                                                                  1.0.3                                                npm           
coreutils                                                                     8.32-4+b1                                            deb           
cpp                                                                           4:10.2.1-1                                           deb           
cpp-10                                                                        10.2.1-6                                             deb           
crack                                                                         0.4.3                                                gem           
crass                                                                         1.0.6                                                gem           
csv                                                                           3.1.2                                                gem           
curl                                                                          7.74.0-1.3+deb11u3                                   deb           
dalli                                                                         3.2.2                                                gem           
dash                                                                          0.5.11+git20200708+dd9ef66-5                         deb           
dashdash                                                                      2.0.0                                                npm           
date                                                                          3.0.3                                                gem           
date-now                                                                      0.1.4                                                npm           
dbm                                                                           1.1.0                                                gem           
dbus                                                                          1.12.24-0+deb11u1                                    deb           
dbus-user-session                                                             1.12.24-0+deb11u1                                    deb           
ddtrace                                                                       0.45.0                                               gem           
debconf                                                                       1.5.77                                               deb           
debian-archive-keyring                                                        2021.1.1                                             deb           
debianutils                                                                   4.11.2                                               deb           
debug                                                                         4.3.1                                                npm           
debug_inspector                                                               0.0.3                                                gem           
debuglog                                                                      1.0.1                                                npm           
default-libmysqlclient-dev                                                    1.0.7                                                deb           
defaults                                                                      1.0.3                                                npm           
delayed-stream                                                                1.0.0                                                npm           
delegate                                                                      0.1.0                                                gem           
delegates                                                                     1.0.0                                                npm           
depd                                                                          2.0.0                                                npm           
dezalgo                                                                       1.0.3                                                npm           
did_you_mean                                                                  1.4.0                                                gem           
diffutils                                                                     1:3.7-5                                              deb           
diffy                                                                         3.4.2                                                gem           
dirmngr                                                                       2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
dmsetup                                                                       2:1.02.175-2.1                                       deb           
docker-ce                                                                     5:20.10.18~3-0~debian-bullseye                       deb           
docker-ce-cli                                                                 5:20.10.18~3-0~debian-bullseye                       deb           
docker-ce-rootless-extras                                                     5:20.10.18~3-0~debian-bullseye                       deb           
docker-compose-plugin                                                         2.10.2~debian-bullseye                               deb           
docker-scan-plugin                                                            0.17.0~debian-bullseye                               deb           
dogstatsd-ruby                                                                3.0.0                                                gem           
dom-serializer                                                                0.2.2                                                npm           
domain_name                                                                   0.5.20190701                                         gem           
domelementtype                                                                1.3.1                                                npm           
domelementtype                                                                2.3.0                                                npm           
domhandler                                                                    2.3.0                                                npm           
domutils                                                                      1.5.1                                                npm           
doorkeeper                                                                    5.4.0                                                gem           
dotenv                                                                        2.2.1                                                gem           
dpkg                                                                          1.20.12                                              deb           
dpkg-dev                                                                      1.20.12                                              deb           
e2fsprogs                                                                     1.46.2-2                                             deb           
ecc-jsbn                                                                      0.2.0                                                npm           
egal                                                                          1.3.0                                                npm           
emoji-regex                                                                   8.0.0                                                npm           
emoji-regex                                                                   9.0.0                                                npm           
encoding                                                                      0.1.13                                               npm           
encryptor                                                                     3.0.0                                                gem           
entities                                                                      1.0.0                                                npm           
entities                                                                      2.2.0                                                npm           
env-paths                                                                     2.2.0                                                npm           
err-code                                                                      2.0.3                                                npm           
erubi                                                                         1.11.0                                               gem           
erubis                                                                        2.7.0                                                gem           
escape-string-regexp                                                          4.0.0                                                npm           
etc                                                                           1.1.0                                                gem           
execjs                                                                        2.7.0                                                gem           
exit                                                                          0.1.2                                                npm           
expect-arg                                                                    0.0.0                                                npm           
extend                                                                        3.0.2                                                npm           
extsprintf                                                                    1.4.0                                                npm           
faraday                                                                       0.17.3                                               gem           
faraday-http-cache                                                            2.0.0                                                gem           
fast-deep-equal                                                               3.1.3                                                npm           
fast-json-stable-stringify                                                    2.1.0                                                npm           
fcntl                                                                         1.0.0                                                gem           
ffi                                                                           1.15.5                                               gem           
ffi-compiler                                                                  1.0.1                                                gem           
fiddle                                                                        1.0.0                                                gem           
figgy-pudding                                                                 3.5.1                                                npm           
figgy-pudding                                                                 3.5.2                                                npm           
fileutils                                                                     1.4.1                                                gem           
findutils                                                                     4.8.0-1                                              deb           
flay                                                                          2.12.0                                               gem           
flowdock                                                                      0.7.1                                                gem           
forever-agent                                                                 0.6.1                                                npm           
forking_test_runner                                                           1.2.0                                                gem           
form-data                                                                     3.0.0                                                npm           
forwardable                                                                   1.3.1                                                gem           
fs-minipass                                                                   2.1.0                                                npm           
fs-write-stream-atomic                                                        1.0.10                                               npm           
fs.realpath                                                                   1.0.0                                                npm           
function-bind                                                                 1.1.1                                                npm           
g++                                                                           4:10.2.1-1                                           deb           
g++-10                                                                        10.2.1-6                                             deb           
gauge                                                                         2.7.4                                                npm           
gcc                                                                           4:10.2.1-1                                           deb           
gcc-10                                                                        10.2.1-6                                             deb           
gcc-10-base                                                                   10.2.1-6                                             deb           
gcc-9-base                                                                    9.3.0-22                                             deb           
gdbm                                                                          2.1.0                                                gem           
get-spdx-license-ids                                                          2.1.0                                                npm           
getoptlong                                                                    0.1.0                                                gem           
getpass                                                                       0.1.7                                                npm           
git                                                                           1:2.30.2-1                                           deb           
git-man                                                                       1:2.30.2-1                                           deb           
git_diff_parser                                                               3.1.0                                                gem           
github.com/AlecAivazis/survey/v2                                              v2.3.5                                               go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest                                         v0.11.24                                             go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/adal                                    v0.9.18                                              go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/date                                    v0.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/logger                                           v0.2.1                                               go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/tracing                                          v0.6.0                                               go-module     
github.com/Masterminds/semver                                                 v1.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/Masterminds/semver/v3                                              v3.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim                                                  v0.9.4                                               go-module     
github.com/agext/levenshtein                                                  v1.2.3                                               go-module     
github.com/agl/ed25519                                                        v0.0.0-20170116200512-5312a6153412                   go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-cidr                                             v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v12                                      v12.0.0                                              go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v13                                      v13.0.0                                              go-module     
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/blang/semver                                                       v3.5.1+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/buger/goterm                                                       v1.0.4                                               go-module     
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.1.2                                               go-module     
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.1.2                                               go-module     
github.com/checkpoint-restore/go-criu/v5                                      v5.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.7.0                                               go-module     
github.com/cnabio/cnab-go                                                     v0.23.4                                              go-module     
github.com/cnabio/cnab-to-oci                                                 v0.3.6                                               go-module     
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.4.0                                               go-module     
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/aufs                                                    v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/btrfs                                                   v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/cgroups                                                 v1.0.3                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.3                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              (devel)                                              go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.5.7                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.6.6                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.6.8                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.2.2                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.2.3-0.20220330195504-d132b287edc8                 go-module     
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/fifo                                                    v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-cni                                                  v1.1.6                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/imgcrypt                                                v1.1.4                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/nri                                                     v0.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                 v1.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/containerd/zfs                                                     v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/cni                                            v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/plugins                                        v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/containers/ocicrypt                                                v1.1.3                                               go-module     
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.3.2                                              go-module     
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0-20190314233015-f79a8a8ca69d                   go-module     
github.com/cyberphone/json-canonicalization                                   v0.0.0-20210303052042-6bc126869bf4                   go-module     
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                         v0.2.3                                               go-module     
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20220725133111-4bf3547399eb                   go-module     
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20220729163034-26163d82560f                   go-module     
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      ed00243a0ce2a0aee75311b06e32d33b44729689             go-module     
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      v0.8.2                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v20.10.3-0.20220309205733-2b52f62e9627+incompatible  go-module     
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v20.10.3-0.20220803220330-418ca3b4d46f+incompatible  go-module     
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v20.10.9+incompatible                                go-module     
github.com/docker/cli-docs-tool                                               v0.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/compose/v2                                                  (devel)                                              go-module     
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.7.1+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.1+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v20.10.3-0.20220309172631-83b51522df43+incompatible  go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v20.10.3-0.20220720171342-a60b458179aa+incompatible  go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v20.10.9+incompatible                                go-module     
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.6.4                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c               go-module     
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.4.0                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/go-events                                                   v0.0.0-20190806004212-e31b211e4f1c                   go-module     
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.4.0                                               go-module     
github.com/docker/scan-cli-plugin                                             (devel)                                              go-module     
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                                                v2.9.5+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.9                                               go-module     
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.2                                               go-module     
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                               go-module     
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.0.6                                               go-module     
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.7.3                                               go-module     
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.8.0                                               go-module     
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.8.1                                               go-module     
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.3.2                                               go-module     
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.4.1                                               go-module     
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                               go-module     
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                                                  v4.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/golang/mock                                                        v1.6.0                                               go-module     
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.2                                               go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.6                                               go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.8                                               go-module     
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510                   go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/googleapis/gnostic                                                 v0.5.5                                               go-module     
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.0                                               go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-middleware                                  v1.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-prometheus                                  v1.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway                                        v1.16.0                                              go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-cty-funcs                                             v0.0.0-20200930094925-2721b1e36840                   go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-version                                               v1.6.0                                               go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/hcl/v2                                                   v2.8.2                                               go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.12                                              go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.13                                              go-module     
github.com/insomniacslk/dhcp                                                  v0.0.0-20210120172423-cc9239ac6294                   go-module     
github.com/intel/goresctrl                                                    v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                              go-module     
github.com/kballard/go-shellquote                                             v0.0.0-20180428030007-95032a82bc51                   go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.11.13                                             go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.15.1                                              go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.15.7                                              go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                 v0.1.12                                              go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.16                                              go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                              go-module     
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.2-0.20181231171920-c182affec369                 go-module     
github.com/mgutz/ansi                                                         v0.0.0-20170206155736-9520e82c474b                   go-module     
github.com/miekg/pkcs11                                                       v1.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/mistifyio/go-zfs                                                   v2.1.2-0.20190413222219-f784269be439+incompatible    go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir                                               v1.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/go-wordwrap                                              v0.0.0-20150314170334-ad45545899c7                   go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.10.1-0.20220816171719-55ba9d14360a                go-module     
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.10.4                                              go-module     
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mount                                                     v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.4.1                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.6.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.0.0-20210619224110-3f7ff695adc6                   go-module     
github.com/moby/vpnkit                                                        v0.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd                   go-module     
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/mrunalp/fileutils                                                  v0.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.0.3-0.20211202183452-c5a74bcca799                 go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                (devel)                                              go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.0.2                                               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.2                                               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.3                                               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20210326190908-1c3f411f0417                 go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.0                                              go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.1                                              go-module     
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.3                                               go-module     
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.4                                               go-module     
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                               go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.11.1                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.12.1                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.12.2                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.7.1                                               go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.10.0                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.30.0                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.32.1                                              go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.6.0                                               go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.7.3                                               go-module     
github.com/qri-io/jsonpointer                                                 v0.1.1                                               go-module     
github.com/qri-io/jsonschema                                                  v0.2.2-0.20210831022256-780655b2ba0e                 go-module     
github.com/rootless-containers/rootlesskit                                    v0.14.4                                              go-module     
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.0.1                                               go-module     
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/seccomp/libseccomp-golang                                          v0.9.2-0.20220502022130-f33da4d89646                 go-module     
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20190422032157-8b2912629002                   go-module     
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                     v1.0.0                                               go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.8.1                                               go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.0                                               go-module     
github.com/songgao/water                                                      v0.0.0-20200317203138-2b4b6d7c09d8                   go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.2.1                                               go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.5.0                                               go-module     
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.5                                               go-module     
github.com/stefanberger/go-pkcs11uri                                          v0.0.0-20201008174630-78d3cae3a980                   go-module     
github.com/syndtr/gocapability                                                v0.0.0-20200815063812-42c35b437635                   go-module     
github.com/tchap/go-patricia                                                  v2.2.6+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.6.1                                               go-module     
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.7.0                                               go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20220315205639-9ed612626da3                   go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20220510150904-0dbf3a8a7d58                   go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea                   go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20210615222946-8066bb97264f                   go-module     
github.com/u-root/u-root                                                      v7.0.0+incompatible                                  go-module     
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.1                                              go-module     
github.com/urfave/cli/v2                                                      v2.3.0                                               go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.0                                               go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.1-0.20210330154013-f5de75959ad5                 go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20191106174202-0a2b9b5464df                   go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20210104183010-2eb08e3e575f                   go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20180127040702-4e3ac2762d5f                   go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20190905194746-02993c407bfb                   go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                            v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415                   go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                               v1.2.0                                               go-module     
github.com/zclconf/go-cty                                                     v1.10.0                                              go-module     
gitlab                                                                        4.10.0                                               gem           
glob                                                                          7.1.6                                                npm           
glob                                                                          7.2.3                                                npm           
globalid                                                                      1.0.0                                                gem           
gnupg                                                                         2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
gnupg-l10n                                                                    2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
gnupg-utils                                                                   2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
gnupg2                                                                        2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
go.etcd.io/bbolt                                                              v1.3.6                                               go-module     
go.mozilla.org/pkcs7                                                          v0.0.0-20200128120323-432b2356ecb1                   go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.28.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.29.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.29.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.29.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/internal/metric                                      v0.27.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.27.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.3.0                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.4.1                                               go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.11.0                                              go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.12.0                                              go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20210322153248-0c34fe9e7dc2                   go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20210817164053-32db794688a5                   go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20220214200702-86341886e292                   go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20220315160706-3147a52a75dd                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20201224014010-6772e930b67b                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20210119194325-5f4716e94777                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20210825183410-e898025ed96a                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20211216030914-fe4d6282115f                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20220127200216-cd36cc0744dd                   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20220225172249-27dd8689420f                   go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.0.0-20210819190943-2bc19b11175f                   go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.0.0-20211104180415-d3ed0bb246c8                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.0.0-20210220032951-036812b2e83c                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.0.0-20220722155255-886fb9371eb4                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20210119212857-b64e53b001e4                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20210616094352-59db8d763f22                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20211116061358-0a5406a5449c                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220412211240-33da011f77ad                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220715151400-c0bba94af5f8                   go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220811171246-fbc7d0a398ab                   go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.0.0-20201126162022-7de9c90e9dd1                   go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.0.0-20210615171337-6886f2dfbf5b                   go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.0.0-20210927222741-03fcf44c2211                   go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.3.7                                               go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20210723032227-1f47c861a9ac                   go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20220210224613-90d013bbcef8                   go-module     
goldiloader                                                                   3.2.0                                                gem           
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20200224152610-e50cd9704f63                   go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20210602131652-f16073e35f0c                   go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20220310185008-1973136f34c6                   go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20220314164441-57ef72a4c106                   go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.40.0                                              go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.43.0                                              go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.45.0                                              go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.47.0                                              go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.26.0                                              go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.27.1                                              go-module     
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                               go-module     
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.5.1                                               go-module     
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.6.0                                               go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                              v2.4.0                                               go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                               go-module     
gpg                                                                           2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
gpg-agent                                                                     2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
gpg-wks-client                                                                2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
gpg-wks-server                                                                2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
gpgconf                                                                       2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
gpgsm                                                                         2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
gpgv                                                                          2.2.27-2+deb11u2                                     deb           
graceful-fs                                                                   4.2.4                                                npm           
grep                                                                          3.6-1                                                deb           
gyp                                                                           0.1                                                  python        
gyp                                                                           0.1+20200513gitcaa6002-2                             deb           
gzip                                                                          1.10-4+deb11u1                                       deb           
har-schema                                                                    2.0.0                                                npm           
har-validator                                                                 5.1.3                                                npm           
has                                                                           1.0.3                                                npm           
has-flag                                                                      4.0.0                                                npm           
has-unicode                                                                   2.0.1                                                npm           
hashdiff                                                                      0.3.4                                                gem           
hashie                                                                        3.6.0                                                gem           
hosted-git-info                                                               3.0.8                                                npm           
hostname                                                                      3.23                                                 deb           
htmlparser2                                                                   3.8.3                                                npm           
http                                                                          4.4.1                                                gem           
http-accept                                                                   1.7.0                                                gem           
http-cache-semantics                                                          4.1.0                                                npm           
http-cookie                                                                   1.0.5                                                gem           
http-form_data                                                                2.3.0                                                gem           
http-parser                                                                   1.2.3                                                gem           
http-proxy-agent                                                              4.0.1                                                npm           
http-signature                                                                1.3.5                                                npm           
httparty                                                                      0.16.2                                               gem           
https-proxy-agent                                                             5.0.0                                                npm           
humanize-ms                                                                   1.2.1                                                npm           
i18n                                                                          1.12.0                                               gem           
iconv-lite                                                                    0.5.1                                                npm           
iferr                                                                         1.0.2                                                npm           
ignore-walk                                                                   3.0.3                                                npm           
import-fresh                                                                  3.3.0                                                npm           
imurmurhash                                                                   0.1.4                                                npm           
indent-string                                                                 4.0.0                                                npm           
infer-owner                                                                   1.0.4                                                npm           
inflection                                                                    1.0.0                                                gem           
inflight                                                                      1.0.6                                                npm           
inherits                                                                      2.0.4                                                npm           
ini                                                                           2.0.0                                                npm           
init-package-json                                                             2.0.1                                                npm           
init-system-helpers                                                           1.60                                                 deb           
interception                                                                  0.5                                                  gem           
io-console                                                                    0.5.6                                                gem           
ip                                                                            1.1.5                                                npm           
ip-regex                                                                      4.3.0                                                npm           
ipaddr                                                                        1.2.2                                                gem           
iptables                                                                      1.8.7-1                                              deb           
irb                                                                           1.2.6                                                gem           
is-cidr                                                                       4.0.2                                                npm           
is-core-module                                                                2.2.0                                                npm           
is-fullwidth-code-point                                                       2.0.0                                                npm           
is-fullwidth-code-point                                                       3.0.0                                                npm           
is-lambda                                                                     1.0.1                                                npm           
is-typedarray                                                                 1.0.0                                                npm           
isarray                                                                       0.0.1                                                npm           
isarray                                                                       2.0.5                                                npm           
isexe                                                                         2.0.0                                                npm           
isstream                                                                      0.1.2                                                npm           
jenkins-cli                                                                                                                        java-archive  
jenkins_api_client                                                            1.5.3                                                gem           
jmespath                                                                      1.6.1                                                gem           
jsbn                                                                          1.1.0                                                npm           
jshint                                                                        2.9.7                                                npm           
json                                                                          2.3.0                                                gem           
json-parse-better-errors                                                      1.0.2                                                npm           
json-parse-even-better-errors                                                 2.3.1                                                npm           
json-schema                                                                   0.3.0                                                npm           
json-schema-traverse                                                          1.0.0                                                npm           
json-stable-stringify                                                         1.0.1                                                npm           
json-stringify-safe                                                           5.0.1                                                npm           
jsonify                                                                       0.0.0                                                npm           
jsonparse                                                                     1.3.1                                                npm           
jsonpath                                                                      1.1.2                                                gem           
jsprim                                                                        2.0.0                                                npm           
just-diff                                                                     3.0.2                                                npm           
just-diff-apply                                                               3.0.0                                                npm           
jwt                                                                           2.2.1                                                gem           
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.4                                              go-module     
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.4                                              go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.4                                              go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/component-base                                                         v0.22.5                                              go-module     
k8s.io/cri-api                                                                v0.23.1                                              go-module     
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.30.0                                              go-module     
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.60.1                                              go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20210930125809-cb0fa318a74b                   go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20220210201930-3a6ce19ff2f9                   go-module     
kindof                                                                        2.0.0                                                npm           
kubeclient                                                                    4.8.0                                                gem           
large_object_store                                                            1.3.4                                                gem           
leven                                                                         3.1.0                                                npm           
levenary                                                                      1.1.1                                                npm           
libacl1                                                                       2.2.53-10                                            deb           
libapparmor1                                                                  2.13.6-10                                            deb           
libapt-pkg6.0                                                                 2.2.4                                                deb           
libargon2-1                                                                   0~20171227-0.2                                       deb           
libasan6                                                                      10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libassuan0                                                                    2.5.3-7.1                                            deb           
libatomic1                                                                    10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libattr1                                                                      1:2.4.48-6                                           deb           
libaudit-common                                                               1:3.0-2                                              deb           
libaudit1                                                                     1:3.0-2                                              deb           
libbinutils                                                                   2.35.2-2                                             deb           
libblkid1                                                                     2.36.1-8+deb11u1                                     deb           
libbrotli1                                                                    1.0.9-2+b2                                           deb           
libbsd0                                                                       0.11.3-1                                             deb           
libbz2-1.0                                                                    1.0.8-4                                              deb           
libc-ares2                                                                    1.17.1-1+deb11u1                                     deb           
libc-bin                                                                      2.31-13+deb11u4                                      deb           
libc-dev-bin                                                                  2.31-13+deb11u4                                      deb           
libc6                                                                         2.31-13+deb11u4                                      deb           
libc6-dev                                                                     2.31-13+deb11u4                                      deb           
libcap-ng0                                                                    0.7.9-2.2+b1                                         deb           
libcap2                                                                       1:2.44-1                                             deb           
libcbor0                                                                      0.5.0+dfsg-2                                         deb           
libcc1-0                                                                      10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libcom-err2                                                                   1.46.2-2                                             deb           
libcrypt-dev                                                                  1:4.4.18-4                                           deb           
libcrypt1                                                                     1:4.4.18-4                                           deb           
libcryptsetup12                                                               2:2.3.7-1+deb11u1                                    deb           
libctf-nobfd0                                                                 2.35.2-2                                             deb           
libctf0                                                                       2.35.2-2                                             deb           
libcurl3-gnutls                                                               7.74.0-1.3+deb11u3                                   deb           
libcurl4                                                                      7.74.0-1.3+deb11u3                                   deb           
libdb5.3                                                                      5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8                                     deb           
libdbus-1-3                                                                   1.12.24-0+deb11u1                                    deb           
libdebconfclient0                                                             0.260                                                deb           
libdevmapper1.02.1                                                            2:1.02.175-2.1                                       deb           
libdpkg-perl                                                                  1.20.12                                              deb           
libedit2                                                                      3.1-20191231-2+b1                                    deb           
liberror-perl                                                                 0.17029-1                                            deb           
libexpat1                                                                     2.2.10-2+deb11u4                                     deb           
libext2fs2                                                                    1.46.2-2                                             deb           
libffi-dev                                                                    3.3-6                                                deb           
libffi7                                                                       3.3-6                                                deb           
libfido2-1                                                                    1.6.0-2                                              deb           
libgcc-10-dev                                                                 10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libgcc-s1                                                                     10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libgcrypt20                                                                   1.8.7-6                                              deb           
libgdbm-compat4                                                               1.19-2                                               deb           
libgdbm6                                                                      1.19-2                                               deb           
libglib2.0-0                                                                  2.66.8-1                                             deb           
libglib2.0-data                                                               2.66.8-1                                             deb           
libgmp-dev                                                                    2:6.2.1+dfsg-1+deb11u1                               deb           
libgmp10                                                                      2:6.2.1+dfsg-1+deb11u1                               deb           
libgmpxx4ldbl                                                                 2:6.2.1+dfsg-1+deb11u1                               deb           
libgnutls30                                                                   3.7.1-5+deb11u2                                      deb           
libgomp1                                                                      10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libgpg-error0                                                                 1.38-2                                               deb           
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                              1.18.3-6+deb11u2                                     deb           
libhogweed6                                                                   3.7.3-1                                              deb           
libicu67                                                                      67.1-7                                               deb           
libidn2-0                                                                     2.3.0-5                                              deb           
libip4tc2                                                                     1.8.7-1                                              deb           
libip6tc2                                                                     1.8.7-1                                              deb           
libisl23                                                                      0.23-1                                               deb           
libitm1                                                                       10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libjs-inherits                                                                2.0.4-1                                              deb           
libjs-is-typedarray                                                           1.0.0-3                                              deb           
libjs-psl                                                                     1.8.0+ds-4                                           deb           
libjs-typedarray-to-buffer                                                    4.0.0-1                                              deb           
libjson-c5                                                                    0.15-2                                               deb           
libk5crypto3                                                                  1.18.3-6+deb11u2                                     deb           
libkeyutils1                                                                  1.6.1-2                                              deb           
libkmod2                                                                      28-1                                                 deb           
libkrb5-3                                                                     1.18.3-6+deb11u2                                     deb           
libkrb5support0                                                               1.18.3-6+deb11u2                                     deb           
libksba8                                                                      1.5.0-3                                              deb           
libldap-2.4-2                                                                 2.4.57+dfsg-3+deb11u1                                deb           
liblsan0                                                                      10.2.1-6                                             deb           
liblz4-1                                                                      1.9.3-2                                              deb           
liblzma5                                                                      5.2.5-2.1~deb11u1                                    deb           
libmariadb-dev                                                                1:10.5.15-0+deb11u1                                  deb           
libmariadb-dev-compat                                                         1:10.5.15-0+deb11u1                                  deb           
libmariadb3                                                                   1:10.5.15-0+deb11u1                                  deb           
libmd0                                                                        1.0.3-3                                              deb           
libmnl0                                                                       1.0.4-3                                              deb           
libmount1                                                                     2.36.1-8+deb11u1                                     deb           
libmpc3                                                                       1.2.0-1                                              deb           
libmpdec3                                                                     2.5.1-1                                              deb           
libmpfr6                                                                      4.1.0-3                                              deb           
libncurses6                                                                   6.2+20201114-2                                       deb           
libncursesw6                                                                  6.2+20201114-2                                       deb           
libnetfilter-conntrack3                                                       1.0.8-3                                              deb           
libnettle8                                                                    3.7.3-1                                              deb           
libnfnetlink0                                                                 1.0.1-3+b1                                           deb           
libnftnl11                                                                    1.1.9-1                                              deb           
libnghttp2-14                                                                 1.43.0-1                                             deb           
libnode-dev                                                                   12.22.12~dfsg-1~deb11u1                              deb           
libnode72                                                                     12.22.12~dfsg-1~deb11u1                              deb           
libnpmaccess                                                                  4.0.1                                                npm           
libnpmdiff                                                                    2.0.3                                                npm           
libnpmfund                                                                    1.0.2                                                npm           
libnpmhook                                                                    6.0.1                                                npm           
libnpmorg                                                                     2.0.1                                                npm           
libnpmpack                                                                    2.0.0                                                npm           
libnpmpublish                                                                 4.0.0                                                npm           
libnpmsearch                                                                  3.1.0                                                npm           
libnpmteam                                                                    2.0.2                                                npm           
libnpmversion                                                                 1.0.7                                                npm           
libnpth0                                                                      1.6-3                                                deb           
libnsl-dev                                                                    1.3.0-2                                              deb           
libnsl2                                                                       1.3.0-2                                              deb           
libnss-systemd                                                                247.3-7+deb11u1                                      deb           
libp11-kit0                                                                   0.23.22-1                                            deb           
libpam-modules                                                                1.4.0-9+deb11u1                                      deb           
libpam-modules-bin                                                            1.4.0-9+deb11u1                                      deb           
libpam-runtime                                                                1.4.0-9+deb11u1                                      deb           
libpam-systemd                                                                247.3-7+deb11u1                                      deb           
libpam0g                                                                      1.4.0-9+deb11u1                                      deb           
libpcre2-8-0                                                                  10.36-2+deb11u1                                      deb           
libpcre3                                                                      2:8.39-13                                            deb           
libperl5.32                                                                   5.32.1-4+deb11u2                                     deb           
libpq-dev                                                                     13.8-0+deb11u1                                       deb           
libpq5                                                                        13.8-0+deb11u1                                       deb           
libprocps8                                                                    2:3.3.17-5                                           deb           
libpsl5                                                                       0.21.0-1.2                                           deb           
libpython3-stdlib                                                             3.9.2-3                                              deb           
libpython3.9-minimal                                                          3.9.2-1                                              deb           
libpython3.9-stdlib                                                           3.9.2-1                                              deb           
libquadmath0                                                                  10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libreadline8                                                                  8.1-1                                                deb           
librtmp1                                                                      2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2+b2                       deb           
libsasl2-2                                                                    2.1.27+dfsg-2.1+deb11u1                              deb           
libsasl2-modules-db                                                           2.1.27+dfsg-2.1+deb11u1                              deb           
libseccomp2                                                                   2.5.1-1+deb11u1                                      deb           
libselinux1                                                                   3.1-3                                                deb           
libsemanage-common                                                            3.1-1                                                deb           
libsemanage1                                                                  3.1-1+b2                                             deb           
libsepol1                                                                     3.1-1                                                deb           
libslirp0                                                                     4.4.0-1+deb11u2                                      deb           
libsmartcols1                                                                 2.36.1-8+deb11u1                                     deb           
libsqlite3-0                                                                  3.34.1-3                                             deb           
libsqlite3-dev                                                                3.34.1-3                                             deb           
libss2                                                                        1.46.2-2                                             deb           
libssh2-1                                                                     1.9.0-2                                              deb           
libssl-dev                                                                    1.1.1n-0+deb11u3                                     deb           
libssl1.1                                                                     1.1.1n-0+deb11u3                                     deb           
libstdc++-10-dev                                                              10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libstdc++6                                                                    10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libsystemd0                                                                   247.3-7+deb11u1                                      deb           
libtasn1-6                                                                    4.16.0-2                                             deb           
libtinfo6                                                                     6.2+20201114-2                                       deb           
libtirpc-common                                                               1.3.1-1+deb11u1                                      deb           
libtirpc-dev                                                                  1.3.1-1+deb11u1                                      deb           
libtirpc3                                                                     1.3.1-1+deb11u1                                      deb           
libtsan0                                                                      10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libubsan1                                                                     10.2.1-6                                             deb           
libudev1                                                                      247.3-7+deb11u1                                      deb           
libunistring2                                                                 0.9.10-4                                             deb           
libuuid1                                                                      2.36.1-8+deb11u1                                     deb           
libuv1                                                                        1.40.0-2                                             deb           
libuv1-dev                                                                    1.40.0-2                                             deb           
libxml2                                                                       2.9.10+dfsg-6.7+deb11u2                              deb           
libxtables12                                                                  1.8.7-1                                              deb           
libxxhash0                                                                    0.8.0-2                                              deb           
libyaml-0-2                                                                   0.2.2-1                                              deb           
libyaml-dev                                                                   0.2.2-1                                              deb           
libzstd1                                                                      1.4.8+dfsg-2.1                                       deb           
linux-libc-dev                                                                5.10.140-1                                           deb           
localizer                                                                     1.10                                                 java-archive  
lockfile                                                                      1.0.4                                                npm           
lodash                                                                        4.17.21                                              npm           
logger                                                                        1.4.2                                                gem           
login                                                                         1:4.8.1-1                                            deb           
lograge                                                                       0.9.0                                                gem           
logsave                                                                       1.46.2-2                                             deb           
logstash-event                                                                1.2.02                                               gem           
loofah                                                                        2.19.0                                               gem           
lru-cache                                                                     5.1.1                                                npm           
lsb-base                                                                      11.1.0                                               deb           
mail                                                                          2.7.1                                                gem           
make                                                                          4.3-4.1                                              deb           
make-fetch-happen                                                             8.0.13                                               npm           
marcel                                                                        1.0.2                                                gem           
marco-polo                                                                    2.0.0                                                gem           
mariadb-common                                                                1:10.5.15-0+deb11u1                                  deb           
matrix                                                                        0.2.0                                                gem           
mawk                                                                          1.3.4.20200120-2                                     deb           
maxitest                                                                      3.3.0                                                gem           
media-types                                                                   4.0.0                                                deb           
metaclass                                                                     0.0.4                                                gem           
method_source                                                                 0.8.2                                                gem           
mime                                                                          2.5.0                                                npm           
mime-db                                                                       1.45.0                                               npm           
mime-score                                                                    1.2.0                                                npm           
mime-types                                                                    2.1.28                                               npm           
mime-types                                                                    3.4.1                                                gem           
mime-types-data                                                               3.2022.0105                                          gem           
mini_mime                                                                     1.1.2                                                gem           
minimatch                                                                     3.0.4                                                npm           
minimatch                                                                     3.0.8                                                npm           
minimatch                                                                     3.1.2                                                npm           
minipass                                                                      3.1.3                                                npm           
minipass-collect                                                              1.0.2                                                npm           
minipass-fetch                                                                1.3.3                                                npm           
minipass-flush                                                                1.0.5                                                npm           
minipass-json-stream                                                          1.0.1                                                npm           
minipass-pipeline                                                             1.2.4                                                npm           
minitest                                                                      5.11.3                                               gem           
minitest                                                                      5.13.0                                               gem           
minitest-rails                                                                6.1.0                                                gem           
minizlib                                                                      2.1.2                                                npm           
mixlib-shellout                                                               2.2.7                                                gem           
mkdirp                                                                        1.0.4                                                npm           
mkdirp-infer-owner                                                            2.0.0                                                npm           
mocha                                                                         1.2.1                                                gem           
momentjs-rails                                                                2.20.1                                               gem           
mount                                                                         2.36.1-8+deb11u1                                     deb           
move-concurrently                                                             1.0.1                                                npm           
ms                                                                            2.1.3                                                npm           
msgpack                                                                       1.4.2                                                gem           
multi_json                                                                    1.15.0                                               gem           
multi_xml                                                                     0.6.0                                                gem           
multipart-post                                                                2.1.1                                                gem           
must                                                                          0.13.4                                               npm           
mute-stream                                                                   0.0.8                                                npm           
mutex_m                                                                       0.1.0                                                gem           
mysql-common                                                                  5.8+1.0.7                                            deb           
mysql2                                                                        0.5.3                                                gem           
ncurses-base                                                                  6.2+20201114-2                                       deb           
ncurses-bin                                                                   6.2+20201114-2                                       deb           
net-http-persistent                                                           2.9.4                                                gem           
net-ldap                                                                      0.16.1                                               gem           
net-pop                                                                       0.1.0                                                gem           
net-smtp                                                                      0.1.0                                                gem           
net-telnet                                                                    0.2.0                                                gem           
netbase                                                                       6.3                                                  deb           
netrc                                                                         0.11.0                                               gem           
newrelic_rpm                                                                  6.7.0.359                                            gem           
nio4r                                                                         2.5.8                                                gem           
node-abbrev                                                                   1.1.1-2                                              deb           
node-agent-base                                                               6.0.2-2                                              deb           
node-ajv                                                                      6.12.6-2                                             deb           
node-ansi                                                                     0.3.1-1                                              deb           
node-ansi-regex                                                               5.0.1-1~deb11u1                                      deb           
node-ansi-styles                                                              4.2.1-1                                              deb           
node-ansistyles                                                               0.1.3-2                                              deb           
node-aproba                                                                   2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-archy                                                                    1.0.0-3                                              deb           
node-are-we-there-yet                                                         1.1.5-1                                              deb           
node-asap                                                                     2.0.6-2                                              deb           
node-asn1                                                                     0.2.3-2                                              deb           
node-assert-plus                                                              1.0.0-2                                              deb           
node-asynckit                                                                 0.4.0-3                                              deb           
node-aws-sign2                                                                0.7.1-2                                              deb           
node-aws4                                                                     1.11.0-1                                             deb           
node-balanced-match                                                           1.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-bcrypt-pbkdf                                                             1.0.2-1                                              deb           
node-brace-expansion                                                          2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-builtins                                                                 1.0.3-2                                              deb           
node-cacache                                                                  15.0.5+~cs13.9.21-1                                  deb           
node-caseless                                                                 0.12.1-1                                             deb           
node-chalk                                                                    4.1.0-1                                              deb           
node-chownr                                                                   1.1.3-5                                              deb           
node-clone                                                                    2.1.2-2                                              deb           
node-color-convert                                                            1.9.3-1                                              deb           
node-color-name                                                               1.1.4+~1.1.1-1                                       deb           
node-colors                                                                   1.4.0-1                                              deb           
node-columnify                                                                1.5.4-3                                              deb           
node-combined-stream                                                          1.0.8-1                                              deb           
node-concat-map                                                               0.0.1-2                                              deb           
node-console-control-strings                                                  1.1.0-2                                              deb           
node-copy-concurrently                                                        1.0.5-7                                              deb           
node-core-util-is                                                             1.0.2-2                                              deb           
node-dashdash                                                                 2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-debug                                                                    4.3.1+~cs4.1.5-1                                     deb           
node-defaults                                                                 1.0.3-2                                              deb           
node-delayed-stream                                                           1.0.0-4                                              deb           
node-delegates                                                                1.0.0-2                                              deb           
node-depd                                                                     2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-ecc-jsbn                                                                 0.2.0-2                                              deb           
node-encoding                                                                 0.1.13-1                                             deb           
node-err-code                                                                 2.0.3+dfsg-1                                         deb           
node-escape-string-regexp                                                     4.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-extend                                                                   3.0.2-1                                              deb           
node-extsprintf                                                               1.4.0-1                                              deb           
node-fast-deep-equal                                                          3.1.3-1                                              deb           
node-forever-agent                                                            0.6.1-2                                              deb           
node-form-data                                                                3.0.0-2                                              deb           
node-fs-write-stream-atomic                                                   1.0.10-4                                             deb           
node-fs.realpath                                                              1.0.0-1.1                                            deb           
node-function-bind                                                            1.1.1+repack-1                                       deb           
node-gauge                                                                    2.7.4-1.1                                            deb           
node-getpass                                                                  0.1.7-1.1                                            deb           
node-glob                                                                     7.1.6+~7.1.3-1                                       deb           
node-graceful-fs                                                              4.2.4+repack-1                                       deb           
node-gyp                                                                      7.1.2                                                npm           
node-gyp                                                                      7.1.2-4                                              deb           
node-har-schema                                                               2.0.0-4                                              deb           
node-har-validator                                                            5.1.5-1                                              deb           
node-has-flag                                                                 4.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-has-unicode                                                              2.0.1-2                                              deb           
node-hosted-git-info                                                          3.0.8-1                                              deb           
node-http-signature                                                           1.3.5-1                                              deb           
node-https-proxy-agent                                                        5.0.0-3                                              deb           
node-iconv-lite                                                               0.5.1-3                                              deb           
node-iferr                                                                    1.0.2-1                                              deb           
node-imurmurhash                                                              0.1.4-1.1                                            deb           
node-indent-string                                                            4.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-inflight                                                                 1.0.6-1.1                                            deb           
node-inherits                                                                 2.0.4-1                                              deb           
node-ini                                                                      2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-ip                                                                       1.1.5-5                                              deb           
node-ip-regex                                                                 4.3.0-1                                              deb           
node-is-typedarray                                                            1.0.0-3                                              deb           
node-isarray                                                                  2.0.5-1                                              deb           
node-isexe                                                                    2.0.0-5                                              deb           
node-isstream                                                                 0.1.2+dfsg-1.1                                       deb           
node-jsbn                                                                     1.1.0-1.1                                            deb           
node-json-parse-better-errors                                                 1.0.2+~2.3.1-1                                       deb           
node-json-schema                                                              0.3.0+~7.0.6-1+deb11u1                               deb           
node-json-schema-traverse                                                     1.0.0-2                                              deb           
node-json-stable-stringify                                                    1.0.1+~cs5.1.32-1                                    deb           
node-json-stringify-safe                                                      5.0.1+repack-3                                       deb           
node-jsonify                                                                  0.0.0-1.1                                            deb           
node-jsonparse                                                                1.3.1-7                                              deb           
node-jsonstream                                                               1.3.5-1                                              deb           
node-jsprim                                                                   2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-leven                                                                    3.1.0+~cs1.1.1-1                                     deb           
node-lockfile                                                                 1.0.4-3                                              deb           
node-lru-cache                                                                5.1.1-5                                              deb           
node-mime                                                                     2.5.0+dfsg+~cs3.90.0-1                               deb           
node-mime-types                                                               2.1.28-1                                             deb           
node-minimatch                                                                3.0.4+~3.0.3-1                                       deb           
node-mkdirp                                                                   1.0.4+~1.0.1-1                                       deb           
node-move-concurrently                                                        1.0.1-2                                              deb           
node-ms                                                                       2.1.3+~cs0.7.31-1                                    deb           
node-mute-stream                                                              0.0.8-2                                              deb           
node-nopt                                                                     5.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-normalize-package-data                                                   3.0.0+~2.4.0-1                                       deb           
node-npm-bundled                                                              1.1.1-1                                              deb           
node-npm-package-arg                                                          8.1.0-1                                              deb           
node-npmlog                                                                   4.1.2-2                                              deb           
node-number-is-nan                                                            2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-oauth-sign                                                               0.9.0-2                                              deb           
node-object-assign                                                            4.1.1-3                                              deb           
node-once                                                                     1.4.0-3                                              deb           
node-opener                                                                   1.5.2-1                                              deb           
node-osenv                                                                    0.1.5-1                                              deb           
node-p-map                                                                    4.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-path-is-absolute                                                         2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-performance-now                                                          2.1.0+debian-1.1                                     deb           
node-process-nextick-args                                                     2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-promise-inflight                                                         1.0.1-1.1                                            deb           
node-promise-retry                                                            2.0.1-1                                              deb           
node-promzard                                                                 0.3.0-1.1                                            deb           
node-psl                                                                      1.8.0+ds-4                                           deb           
node-puka                                                                     1.0.1+dfsg-2                                         deb           
node-punycode                                                                 2.1.1-3                                              deb           
node-qs                                                                       6.9.4+ds-1                                           deb           
node-read                                                                     1.0.7-2                                              deb           
node-read-package-json                                                        3.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-readable-stream                                                          3.6.0-2                                              deb           
node-resolve                                                                  1.19.0+~cs5.20.8-2                                   deb           
node-resolve-from                                                             5.0.0+~3.1.0+~3.3.0+~2.0.0-1                         deb           
node-retry                                                                    0.12.0-1                                             deb           
node-rimraf                                                                   3.0.2-1                                              deb           
node-run-queue                                                                2.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-safe-buffer                                                              5.2.1+~cs2.1.2-1                                     deb           
node-semver                                                                   7.3.4-1                                              deb           
node-set-blocking                                                             2.0.0-1.1                                            deb           
node-signal-exit                                                              3.0.3-1                                              deb           
node-slash                                                                    3.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-spdx-correct                                                             3.1.1-1                                              deb           
node-spdx-exceptions                                                          2.3.0-1                                              deb           
node-spdx-expression-parse                                                    3.0.1-1                                              deb           
node-spdx-license-ids                                                         3.0.7-1                                              deb           
node-sshpk                                                                    1.16.1+dfsg-2                                        deb           
node-ssri                                                                     8.0.1-2                                              deb           
node-string-decoder                                                           1.3.0-2                                              deb           
node-string-width                                                             4.2.0-1                                              deb           
node-strip-ansi                                                               6.0.0-2                                              deb           
node-supports-color                                                           8.1.0+~7.2.0-1                                       deb           
node-tar                                                                      6.0.5+ds1+~cs11.3.9-1+deb11u2                        deb           
node-text-table                                                               0.2.0-2                                              deb           
node-through                                                                  2.3.8+~cs0.0.30-1                                    deb           
node-tunnel-agent                                                             0.6.1-2                                              deb           
node-tweetnacl                                                                1.0.3+dfsg-1                                         deb           
node-typedarray-to-buffer                                                     4.0.0-1                                              deb           
node-unique-filename                                                          1.1.1+ds-1                                           deb           
node-uri-js                                                                   4.4.0+dfsg-5                                         deb           
node-util-deprecate                                                           1.0.2-1                                              deb           
node-uuid                                                                     8.3.2+~8.3.0-4                                       deb           
node-validate-npm-package-license                                             3.0.4-1                                              deb           
node-validate-npm-package-name                                                3.0.0-1.1                                            deb           
node-verror                                                                   1.10.0-1.1                                           deb           
node-wcwidth.js                                                               1.0.0-1.1                                            deb           
node-which                                                                    2.0.2+~cs1.3.2-1                                     deb           
node-wide-align                                                               1.1.3-1                                              deb           
node-wrappy                                                                   1.0.2-1.1                                            deb           
node-write-file-atomic                                                        3.0.3+~3.0.1-1                                       deb           
node-yallist                                                                  4.0.0-1                                              deb           
nodejs                                                                        12.22.12~dfsg-1~deb11u1                              deb           
nokogiri                                                                      1.13.8                                               gem           
nopt                                                                          5.0.0                                                npm           
normalize-package-data                                                        3.0.0                                                npm           
npm                                                                           7.5.2                                                npm           
npm                                                                           7.5.2+ds-2                                           deb           
npm-audit-report                                                              2.1.4                                                npm           
npm-bundled                                                                   1.1.1                                                npm           
npm-install-checks                                                            4.0.0                                                npm           
npm-normalize-package-bin                                                     1.0.1                                                npm           
npm-package-arg                                                               8.1.0                                                npm           
npm-packlist                                                                  2.1.4                                                npm           
npm-pick-manifest                                                             6.1.0                                                npm           
npm-profile                                                                   5.0.2                                                npm           
npm-registry-fetch                                                            9.0.0                                                npm           
npm-user-validate                                                             1.0.1                                                npm           
npmlog                                                                        4.1.2                                                npm           
number-is-nan                                                                 2.0.0                                                npm           
oauth                                                                         0.5.6                                                gem           
oauth-sign                                                                    0.9.0                                                npm           
oauth2                                                                        1.4.4                                                gem           
object-assign                                                                 4.1.1                                                npm           
object-keys                                                                   1.1.1                                                npm           
observer                                                                      0.1.0                                                gem           
octokit                                                                       4.18.0                                               gem           
omniauth                                                                      1.9.1                                                gem           
omniauth-bitbucket                                                            0.0.2                                                gem           
omniauth-gitlab                                                               1.0.2                                                gem           
omniauth-google-oauth2                                                        0.6.0                                                gem           
omniauth-ldap                                                                 1.0.5                                                gem           
omniauth-oauth                                                                1.1.0                                                gem           
omniauth-oauth2                                                               1.7.0                                                gem           
omniauth-rails_csrf_protection                                                0.1.2                                                gem           
once                                                                          1.4.0                                                npm           
oolong                                                                        1.15.1                                               npm           
open3                                                                         0.1.0                                                gem           
opener                                                                        1.5.2                                                npm           
openssh-client                                                                1:8.4p1-5+deb11u1                                    deb           
openssl                                                                       1.1.1n-0+deb11u3                                     deb           
openssl                                                                       2.1.3                                                gem           
osenv                                                                         0.1.5                                                npm           
ostruct                                                                       0.2.0                                                gem           
p-map                                                                         4.0.0                                                npm           
pacote                                                                        11.2.4                                               npm           
pagy                                                                          3.6.0                                                gem           
parallel                                                                      1.19.2                                               gem           
parallel_tests                                                                2.21.1                                               gem           
parent-module                                                                 2.0.0                                                npm           
parse-conflict-json                                                           1.1.1                                                npm           
parser                                                                        2.7.2.0                                              gem           
passwd                                                                        1:4.8.1-1                                            deb           
patch                                                                         2.7.6-7                                              deb           
path-is-absolute                                                              1.0.1                                                npm           
path-is-absolute                                                              2.0.0                                                npm           
path-parse                                                                    1.0.6                                                npm           
path_expander                                                                 1.0.4                                                gem           
performance-now                                                               2.1.0                                                npm           
perl                                                                          5.32.1-4+deb11u2                                     deb           
perl-base                                                                     5.32.1-4+deb11u2                                     deb           
perl-modules-5.32                                                             5.32.1-4+deb11u2                                     deb           
pg                                                                            1.1.3                                                gem           
pinentry-curses                                                               1.1.0-4                                              deb           
power_assert                                                                  1.1.7                                                gem           
prime                                                                         0.1.1                                                gem           
process-nextick-args                                                          2.0.0                                                npm           
procps                                                                        2:3.3.17-5                                           deb           
promise-call-limit                                                            1.0.1                                                npm           
promise-inflight                                                              1.0.1                                                npm           
promise-retry                                                                 2.0.1                                                npm           
promzard                                                                      0.3.0                                                npm           
pry                                                                           0.10.3                                               gem           
pry-byebug                                                                    3.3.0                                                gem           
pry-rails                                                                     0.3.5                                                gem           
pry-rescue                                                                    1.4.5                                                gem           
pry-stack_explorer                                                            0.4.9.3                                              gem           
psl                                                                           1.8.0                                                npm           
pstore                                                                        0.1.0                                                gem           
psych                                                                         3.1.0                                                gem           
public_suffix                                                                 4.0.7                                                gem           
puka                                                                          1.0.1                                                npm           
puma                                                                          5.6.4                                                gem           
punycode                                                                      2.1.1                                                npm           
python3                                                                       3.9.2-3                                              deb           
python3-minimal                                                               3.9.2-3                                              deb           
python3-pkg-resources                                                         52.0.0-4                                             deb           
python3.9                                                                     3.9.2-1                                              deb           
python3.9-minimal                                                             3.9.2-1                                              deb           
pyu-ruby-sasl                                                                 0.0.3.3                                              gem           
qrcode-terminal                                                               0.12.0                                               npm           
qs                                                                            6.9.4                                                npm           
racc                                                                          1.4.16                                               gem           
racc                                                                          1.6.0                                                gem           
rack                                                                          2.2.4                                                gem           
rack-mini-profiler                                                            1.1.4                                                gem           
rack-test                                                                     2.0.2                                                gem           
rails                                                                         6.1.6.1                                              gem           
rails-assets-bootstrap-select                                                 1.10.0                                               gem           
rails-assets-jquery                                                           3.4.1                                                gem           
rails-assets-jquery-cookie                                                    1.4.1                                                gem           
rails-assets-jquery-ui                                                        1.12.1                                               gem           
rails-assets-jquery-ujs                                                       1.2.0                                                gem           
rails-assets-jsSHA                                                            2.3.1                                                gem           
rails-assets-jstimezonedetect                                                 1.0.5                                                gem           
rails-assets-typeahead.js                                                     0.11.1                                               gem           
rails-assets-underscore                                                       1.8.3                                                gem           
rails-assets-x-editable                                                       1.5.1                                                gem           
rails-controller-testing                                                      1.0.4                                                gem           
rails-dom-testing                                                             2.0.3                                                gem           
rails-html-sanitizer                                                          1.4.3                                                gem           
railties                                                                      6.1.6.1                                              gem           
rainbow                                                                       3.0.0                                                gem           
rake                                                                          13.0.1                                               gem           
rake                                                                          13.0.6                                               gem           
rbtree3                                                                       0.6.0                                                gem           
rdoc                                                                          6.2.1.1                                              gem           
read                                                                          1.0.7                                                npm           
read-cmd-shim                                                                 2.0.0                                                npm           
read-package-json                                                             3.0.0                                                npm           
read-package-json-fast                                                        1.2.1                                                npm           
readable-stream                                                               1.1.14                                               npm           
readable-stream                                                               3.6.0                                                npm           
readdir-scoped-modules                                                        1.1.0                                                npm           
readline                                                                      0.0.2                                                gem           
readline-common                                                               8.1-1                                                deb           
readline-ext                                                                  0.1.0                                                gem           
recursive-open-struct                                                         1.1.3                                                gem           
regexp_parser                                                                 1.8.2                                                gem           
reline                                                                        0.1.5                                                gem           
remoting                                                                      2.22                                                 java-archive  
request_store                                                                 1.4.0                                                gem           
resolve                                                                       1.19.0                                               npm           
resolve-from                                                                  5.0.0                                                npm           
rest-client                                                                   2.1.0                                                gem           
retry                                                                         0.12.0                                               npm           
rexml                                                                         3.2.3.1                                              gem           
rexml                                                                         3.2.5                                                gem           
rimraf                                                                        3.0.2                                                npm           
rollbar                                                                       2.19.1                                               gem           
rollbar-user_informer                                                         0.1.0                                                gem           
rss                                                                           0.2.8                                                gem           
rubocop                                                                       0.93.1                                               gem           
rubocop-ast                                                                   0.8.0                                                gem           
rubocop-rails                                                                 2.3.2                                                gem           
ruby-progressbar                                                              1.10.1                                               gem           
ruby_parser                                                                   3.13.1                                               gem           
rubyntlm                                                                      0.3.4                                                gem           
run-queue                                                                     2.0.0                                                npm           
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.1                                                npm           
safe_yaml                                                                     1.0.4                                                gem           
safer-buffer                                                                  2.1.2                                                npm           
sass-rails                                                                    6.0.0                                                gem           
sassc                                                                         2.4.0                                                gem           
sassc-rails                                                                   2.1.2                                                gem           
sawyer                                                                        0.8.2                                                gem           
sdbm                                                                          1.0.0                                                gem           
sed                                                                           4.7-1                                                deb           
semver                                                                        7.3.4                                                npm           
sentry-rails                                                                  5.4.2                                                gem           
sentry-ruby                                                                   5.4.2                                                gem           
sentry-user_informer                                                          0.2.0                                                gem           
set-blocking                                                                  2.0.0                                                npm           
sexp_processor                                                                4.12.1                                               gem           
shared-mime-info                                                              2.0-1                                                deb           
shelljs                                                                       0.3.0                                                npm           
signal-exit                                                                   3.0.3                                                npm           
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.1.2                                               go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.2.1                                               go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.2.0                                               go-module     
single_cov                                                                    1.3.2                                                gem           
singleton                                                                     0.1.0                                                gem           
slash                                                                         3.0.0                                                npm           
slirp4netns                                                                   1.0.1-2                                              deb           
slop                                                                          3.6.0                                                gem           
smart-buffer                                                                  4.1.0                                                npm           
socks                                                                         2.5.1                                                npm           
socks-proxy-agent                                                             5.0.0                                                npm           
socksify                                                                      1.7.1                                                gem           
soft_deletion                                                                 1.6.0                                                gem           
spdx-correct                                                                  3.1.1                                                npm           
spdx-exceptions                                                               2.3.0                                                npm           
spdx-expression-parse                                                         3.0.1                                                npm           
spdx-license-ids                                                              3.0.7                                                npm           
sprockets                                                                     3.7.2                                                gem           
sprockets-rails                                                               3.4.2                                                gem           
sqlite3                                                                       1.4.2                                                gem           
sshpk                                                                         1.16.1                                               npm           
ssri                                                                          8.0.1                                                npm           
stackprof                                                                     0.2.12                                               gem           
string-width                                                                  4.2.0                                                npm           
string_decoder                                                                0.10.31                                              npm           
string_decoder                                                                1.3.0                                                npm           
stringify-package                                                             1.0.1                                                npm           
stringio                                                                      0.1.0                                                gem           
strip-ansi                                                                    6.0.0                                                npm           
strip-json-comments                                                           1.0.4                                                npm           
strscan                                                                       1.0.3                                                gem           
supports-color                                                                8.1.0                                                npm           
systemd                                                                       247.3-7+deb11u1                                      deb           
systemd-sysv                                                                  247.3-7+deb11u1                                      deb           
systemd-timesyncd                                                             247.3-7+deb11u1                                      deb           
sysvinit-utils                                                                2.96-7+deb11u1                                       deb           
tar                                                                           1.34+dfsg-1                                          deb           
tar                                                                           6.0.5                                                npm           
terminal-table                                                                1.8.0                                                gem           
test-unit                                                                     3.3.4                                                gem           
text-table                                                                    0.2.0                                                npm           
thor                                                                          1.2.1                                                gem           
through                                                                       2.3.8                                                npm           
tilt                                                                          2.0.10                                               gem           
timeout                                                                       0.1.0                                                gem           
tiny-relative-date                                                            1.3.0                                                npm           
tracer                                                                        0.1.0                                                gem           
treeverse                                                                     1.0.4                                                npm           
trilead-ssh2                                                                  build214-jenkins-1                                   java-archive  
tunnel-agent                                                                  0.6.1                                                npm           
tweetnacl                                                                     1.0.3                                                npm           
typedarray-to-buffer                                                          4.0.0                                                npm           
tzdata                                                                        2021a-1+deb11u6                                      deb           
tzinfo                                                                        2.0.5                                                gem           
uglifier                                                                      3.2.0                                                gem           
unf                                                                           0.1.4                                                gem           
unf_ext                                                                       0.0.8.2                                              gem           
unicode-display_width                                                         1.7.0                                                gem           
unique-filename                                                               1.1.1                                                npm           
unique-slug                                                                   2.0.2                                                npm           
uri                                                                           0.10.0                                               gem           
uri-js                                                                        4.4.0                                                npm           
util-deprecate                                                                1.0.2                                                npm           
util-linux                                                                    2.36.1-8+deb11u1                                     deb           
uuid                                                                          8.3.2                                                npm           
validate-npm-package-license                                                  3.0.4                                                npm           
validate-npm-package-name                                                     3.0.0                                                npm           
validates_lengths_from_database                                               0.7.0                                                gem           
verror                                                                        1.10.0                                               npm           
walk-up-path                                                                  1.0.0                                                npm           
warden                                                                        1.2.7                                                gem           
wcwidth.js                                                                    1.0.0                                                npm           
webmock                                                                       3.0.1                                                gem           
webrick                                                                       1.6.1                                                gem           
websocket-driver                                                              0.7.5                                                gem           
websocket-extensions                                                          0.1.5                                                gem           
wget                                                                          1.21-1+deb11u1                                       deb           
which                                                                         2.0.2                                                npm           
wide-align                                                                    1.1.3                                                npm           
wrappy                                                                        1.0.2                                                npm           
write-file-atomic                                                             3.0.3                                                npm           
xdg-user-dirs                                                                 0.17-2                                               deb           
xdg-utils                                                                     1.1.3-4.1                                            deb           
xmlrpc                                                                        0.3.0                                                gem           
xz-utils                                                                      5.2.5-2.1~deb11u1                                    deb           
yallist                                                                       4.0.0                                                npm           
yaml                                                                          0.1.0                                                gem           
zeitwerk                                                                      2.6.1                                                gem           
zendesk_api                                                                   1.16.0                                               gem           
zlib                                                                          1.1.0                                                gem           
zlib1g                                                                        1:1.2.11.dfsg-2+deb11u2                              deb           
zlib1g-dev                                                                    1:1.2.11.dfsg-2+deb11u2                              deb           
