NAME                        VERSION                       TYPE   
PyMySQL                     1.0.2                         python  
adduser                     3.118ubuntu2                  deb     
alsa-topology-conf          1.2.2-1                       deb     
alsa-ucm-conf               1.2.2-1ubuntu0.11             deb     
appdirs                     1.4.3                         python  
apt                         2.0.6                         deb     
backports.zoneinfo          0.2.1                         python  
base-files                  11ubuntu5.5                   deb     
base-passwd                 3.5.47                        deb     
bash                        5.0-6ubuntu1.1                deb     
binutils                    2.34-6ubuntu1.3               deb     
binutils-common             2.34-6ubuntu1.3               deb     
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu   2.34-6ubuntu1.3               deb     
bsdutils                    1:2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3           deb     
build-essential             12.8ubuntu1.1                 deb     
bzip2                       1.0.8-2                       deb     
ca-certificates             20210119~20.04.2              deb     
certifi                     2021.10.8                     python  
cffi                        1.15.0                        python  
chardet                     4.0.0                         python  
charset-normalizer          2.0.12                        python  
coreutils                   8.30-3ubuntu2                 deb     
cpp                         4:9.3.0-1ubuntu2              deb     
cpp-9                       9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04          deb     
dash                        0.5.10.2-6                    deb     
dateparser                  1.1.0                         python  
debconf                     1.5.73                        deb     
debianutils                 4.9.1                         deb     
diffutils                   1:3.7-3                       deb     
dirmngr                     2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
distlib                     0.3.0                         python  
distro                      1.7.0                         python  
docker                      5.0.3                         python  
dpkg                        1.19.7ubuntu3                 deb     
dpkg-dev                    1.19.7ubuntu3                 deb     
e2fsprogs                   1.45.5-2ubuntu1               deb     
fakeroot                    1.24-1                        deb     
fdisk                       2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3             deb     
file                        1:5.38-4                      deb     
filelock                    3.0.12                        python  
findutils                   4.7.0-1ubuntu1                deb     
func-timeout                4.3.5                         python  
futures                     3.0.5                         python  
g++                         4:9.3.0-1ubuntu2              deb     
g++-9                       9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04          deb     
gcc                         4:9.3.0-1ubuntu2              deb     
gcc-10-base                 10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
gcc-9                       9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04          deb     
gcc-9-base                  9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04          deb     
gnupg                       2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
gnupg-l10n                  2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
gnupg-utils                 2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
gpg                         2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
gpg-agent                   2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
gpg-wks-client              2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
gpg-wks-server              2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
gpgconf                     2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
gpgsm                       2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
gpgv                        2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1             deb     
grep                        3.4-1                         deb     
gzip                        1.10-0ubuntu4                 deb     
hostname                    3.23                          deb     
idna                        3.3                           python  
importlib-metadata          1.5.0                         python  
init-system-helpers         1.57                          deb     
libacl1                     2.2.53-6                      deb     
libalgorithm-diff-perl      1.19.03-2                     deb     
libalgorithm-diff-xs-perl   0.04-6                        deb     
libalgorithm-merge-perl     0.08-3                        deb     
libapt-pkg6.0               2.0.6                         deb     
libasan5                    9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04          deb     
libasn1-8-heimdal           7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1           deb     
libasound2                  1.2.2-2.1ubuntu2.5            deb     
libasound2-data             1.2.2-2.1ubuntu2.5            deb     
libassuan0                  2.5.3-7ubuntu2                deb     
libatomic1                  10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libattr1                    1:2.4.48-5                    deb     
libaudit-common             1:2.8.5-2ubuntu6              deb     
libaudit1                   1:2.8.5-2ubuntu6              deb     
libbinutils                 2.34-6ubuntu1.3               deb     
libblkid1                   2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3             deb     
libbz2-1.0                  1.0.8-2                       deb     
libc-bin                    2.31-0ubuntu9.7               deb     
libc-dev-bin                2.31-0ubuntu9.7               deb     
libc6                       2.31-0ubuntu9.7               deb     
libc6-dev                   2.31-0ubuntu9.7               deb     
libcanberra0                0.30-7ubuntu1                 deb     
libcap-ng0                  0.7.9-2.1build1               deb     
libcc1-0                    10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libcom-err2                 1.45.5-2ubuntu1               deb     
libcrypt-dev                1:4.4.10-10ubuntu4            deb     
libcrypt1                   1:4.4.10-10ubuntu4            deb     
libctf-nobfd0               2.34-6ubuntu1.3               deb     
libctf0                     2.34-6ubuntu1.3               deb     
libdb5.3                    5.3.28+dfsg1-0.6ubuntu2       deb     
libdebconfclient0           0.251ubuntu1                  deb     
libdpkg-perl                1.19.7ubuntu3                 deb     
libexpat1                   2.2.9-1ubuntu0.2              deb     
libexpat1-dev               2.2.9-1ubuntu0.2              deb     
libext2fs2                  1.45.5-2ubuntu1               deb     
libfakeroot                 1.24-1                        deb     
libfdisk1                   2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3             deb     
libffi7                     3.3-4                         deb     
libfile-fcntllock-perl      0.22-3build4                  deb     
libgcc-9-dev                9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04          deb     
libgcc-s1                   10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libgcrypt20                 1.8.5-5ubuntu1.1              deb     
libgdbm-compat4             1.18.1-5                      deb     
libgdbm6                    1.18.1-5                      deb     
libgmp10                    2:6.2.0+dfsg-4                deb     
libgnutls30                 3.6.13-2ubuntu1.6             deb     
libgomp1                    10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libgpg-error0               1.37-1                        deb     
libgpm2                     1.20.7-5                      deb     
libgssapi3-heimdal          7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1           deb     
libhcrypto4-heimdal         7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1           deb     
libheimbase1-heimdal        7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1           deb     
libheimntlm0-heimdal        7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1           deb     
libhogweed5                 3.5.1+really3.5.1-2ubuntu0.2  deb     
libhx509-5-heimdal          7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1           deb     
libidn2-0                   2.2.0-2                       deb     
libisl22                    0.22.1-1                      deb     
libitm1                     10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libkrb5-26-heimdal          7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1           deb     
libksba8                    1.3.5-2                       deb     
libldap-2.4-2               2.4.49+dfsg-2ubuntu1.8        deb     
libldap-common              2.4.49+dfsg-2ubuntu1.8        deb     
liblocale-gettext-perl      1.07-4                        deb     
liblsan0                    10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libltdl7                    2.4.6-14                      deb     
liblz4-1                    1.9.2-2ubuntu0.20.04.1        deb     
liblzma5                    5.2.4-1ubuntu1                deb     
libmagic-mgc                1:5.38-4                      deb     
libmagic1                   1:5.38-4                      deb     
libmount1                   2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3             deb     
libmpc3                     1.1.0-1                       deb     
libmpdec2                   2.4.2-3                       deb     
libmpfr6                    4.0.2-1                       deb     
libncurses6                 6.2-0ubuntu2                  deb     
libncursesw6                6.2-0ubuntu2                  deb     
libnettle7                  3.5.1+really3.5.1-2ubuntu0.2  deb     
libnpth0                    1.6-1                         deb     
libogg0                     1.3.4-0ubuntu1                deb     
libp11-kit0                 0.23.20-1ubuntu0.1            deb     
libpam-modules              1.3.1-5ubuntu4.3              deb     
libpam-modules-bin          1.3.1-5ubuntu4.3              deb     
libpam-runtime              1.3.1-5ubuntu4.3              deb     
libpam0g                    1.3.1-5ubuntu4.3              deb     
libpcre2-8-0                10.34-7                       deb     
libpcre3                    2:8.39-12build1               deb     
libperl5.30                 5.30.0-9ubuntu0.2             deb     
libprocps8                  2:3.3.16-1ubuntu2.3           deb     
libpsl5                     0.21.0-1ubuntu1               deb     
libpython3-dev              3.8.2-0ubuntu2                deb     
libpython3-stdlib           3.8.2-0ubuntu2                deb     
libpython3.8                3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.2       deb     
libpython3.8-dev            3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.2       deb     
libpython3.8-minimal        3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.2       deb     
libpython3.8-stdlib         3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.2       deb     
libquadmath0                10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libreadline8                8.0-4                         deb     
libroken18-heimdal          7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1           deb     
libsasl2-2                  2.1.27+dfsg-2ubuntu0.1        deb     
libsasl2-modules            2.1.27+dfsg-2ubuntu0.1        deb     
libsasl2-modules-db         2.1.27+dfsg-2ubuntu0.1        deb     
libseccomp2                 2.5.1-1ubuntu1~20.04.2        deb     
libselinux1                 3.0-1build2                   deb     
libsemanage-common          3.0-1build2                   deb     
libsemanage1                3.0-1build2                   deb     
libsepol1                   3.0-1                         deb     
libsmartcols1               2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3             deb     
libsqlite3-0                3.31.1-4ubuntu0.2             deb     
libss2                      1.45.5-2ubuntu1               deb     
libssl-dev                  1.1.1f-1ubuntu2.11            deb     
libssl1.1                   1.1.1f-1ubuntu2.11            deb     
libstdc++-9-dev             9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04          deb     
libstdc++6                  10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libsystemd0                 245.4-4ubuntu3.15             deb     
libtasn1-6                  4.16.0-2                      deb     
libtdb1                     1.4.3-0ubuntu0.20.04.1        deb     
libtinfo6                   6.2-0ubuntu2                  deb     
libtsan0                    10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libubsan1                   10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
libudev1                    245.4-4ubuntu3.15             deb     
libunistring2               0.9.10-2                      deb     
libuuid1                    2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3             deb     
libvorbis0a                 1.3.6-2ubuntu1                deb     
libvorbisfile3              1.3.6-2ubuntu1                deb     
libwind0-heimdal            7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1           deb     
libzstd1                    1.4.4+dfsg-3ubuntu0.1         deb     
linux-libc-dev              5.4.0-100.113                 deb     
login                       1:4.8.1-1ubuntu5.20.04.1      deb     
logsave                     1.45.5-2ubuntu1               deb     
lsb-base                    11.1.0ubuntu2                 deb     
make                        4.2.1-1.2                     deb     
manpages                    5.05-1                        deb     
manpages-dev                5.05-1                        deb     
mawk                        1.3.4.20200120-2              deb     
mime-support                3.64ubuntu1                   deb     
more-itertools              4.2.0                         python  
mount                       2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3             deb     
ncurses-base                6.2-0ubuntu2                  deb     
ncurses-bin                 6.2-0ubuntu2                  deb     
netbase                     6.1                           deb     
openssl                     1.1.1f-1ubuntu2.11            deb     
passwd                      1:4.8.1-1ubuntu5.20.04.1      deb     
patch                       2.7.6-6                       deb     
perl                        5.30.0-9ubuntu0.2             deb     
perl-base                   5.30.0-9ubuntu0.2             deb     
perl-modules-5.30           5.30.0-9ubuntu0.2             deb     
pinentry-curses             1.1.0-3build1                 deb     
pip                         20.0.2                        python  
pip                         22.0.4                        python  
pkcs7                       0.1.2                         python  
procps                      2:3.3.16-1ubuntu2.3           deb     
prometheus-client           0.13.1                        python  
psutil                      5.9.0                         python  
publicsuffix                20200303.0012-1               deb     
pycparser                   2.21                          python  
pycrypto                    2.6.1                         python  
pyparsing                   3.0.7                         python  
python-dateutil             2.8.2                         python  
python-pip-whl              20.0.2-5ubuntu1.6             deb     
python3                     3.8.2-0ubuntu2                deb     
python3-appdirs             1.4.3-2.1                     deb     
python3-dev                 3.8.2-0ubuntu2                deb     
python3-distlib             0.3.0-1                       deb     
python3-distutils           3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
python3-filelock            3.0.12-2                      deb     
python3-importlib-metadata  1.5.0-1                       deb     
python3-lib2to3             3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04         deb     
python3-minimal             3.8.2-0ubuntu2                deb     
python3-more-itertools      4.2.0-1build1                 deb     
python3-pip                 20.0.2-5ubuntu1.6             deb     
python3-pkg-resources       45.2.0-1                      deb     
python3-setuptools          45.2.0-1                      deb     
python3-six                 1.14.0-2                      deb     
python3-virtualenv          20.0.17-1ubuntu0.4            deb     
python3-wheel               0.34.2-1                      deb     
python3-zipp                1.0.0-1                       deb     
python3.8                   3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.2       deb     
python3.8-dev               3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.2       deb     
python3.8-minimal           3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.2       deb     
pytz                        2021.3                        python  
pytz-deprecation-shim       0.1.0.post0                   python  
readline-common             8.0-4                         deb     
regex                       2022.3.2                      python  
requests                    2.27.1                        python  
sed                         4.7-1                         deb     
sensible-utils              0.0.12+nmu1                   deb     
setuptools                  45.2.0                        python  
setuptools                  60.9.3                        python  
six                         1.14.0                        python  
six                         1.16.0                        python  
sound-theme-freedesktop     0.8-2ubuntu1                  deb     
supervisor                  4.1.0                         python  
supervisor                  4.1.0-1ubuntu1                deb     
sysvinit-utils              2.96-2.1ubuntu1               deb     
tar                         1.30+dfsg-7ubuntu0.20.04.1    deb     
tzdata                      2021.5                        python  
tzlocal                     4.1                           python  
ubuntu-keyring              2020.02.11.4                  deb     
urllib3                     1.26.8                        python  
util-linux                  2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3             deb     
vim                         2:8.1.2269-1ubuntu5.7         deb     
vim-common                  2:8.1.2269-1ubuntu5.7         deb     
vim-runtime                 2:8.1.2269-1ubuntu5.7         deb     
virtualenv                  20.0.17                       python  
websocket-client            1.3.1                         python  
wget                        1.20.3-1ubuntu2               deb     
wheel                       0.34.2                        python  
wheel                       0.37.1                        python  
xmljson                     0.2.1                         python  
xxd                         2:8.1.2269-1ubuntu5.7         deb     
xz-utils                    5.2.4-1ubuntu1                deb     
zipp                        1.0.0                         python  
zlib1g                      1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu1.2      deb     
zlib1g-dev                  1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu1.2      deb     
