NAME                          VERSION                                   TYPE         
1to2                          1.0.0                                     npm           
Babel                         2.0                                       python        
Beaker                        1.7.0                                     python        
Cheetah                       2.4.4                                     python        
Fabric                        1.10.2                                    python        
Jinja2                        2.8                                       python        
Mako                          1.0.2                                     python        
Markdown                      2.6.3                                     python        
MarkupSafe                    0.23                                      python        
Parsley                       1.3                                       python        
Paste                         2.0.2                                     python        
PasteDeploy                   1.5.2                                     python        
PyYAML                        3.11                                      python        
Pygments                      2.1.3                                     python        
Routes                        2.2                                       python        
SQLAlchemy                    1.0.8                                     python        
SVGFig                        1.1.6                                     python        
Tempita                       0.5.3.dev0                                python        
WebHelpers                    1.3                                       python        
WebOb                         1.4.1                                     python        
Whoosh                        2.4.1+gx1                                 python        
abbrev                        1.0.7                                     npm           
accepts                       1.1.4                                     npm           
adduser                       3.113+nmu3ubuntu3                         deb           
after                         0.8.1                                     npm           
amqp                          1.4.8                                     python        
ansi-regex                    2.0.0                                     npm           
ansi-styles                   2.2.0                                     npm           
anyjson                       0.3.3                                     python        
apt                           1.0.1ubuntu2.11                           deb           
apt-utils                     1.0.1ubuntu2.11                           deb           
argparse                      0.1.16                                    npm           
argparse                      1.2.1                                     python        
array-differ                  1.0.0                                     npm           
array-union                   1.0.1                                     npm           
array-uniq                    1.0.2                                     npm           
arraybuffer.slice             0.0.6                                     npm           
arrify                        1.0.1                                     npm           
async                         0.1.22                                    npm           
autoconf                      2.69-6                                    deb           
automake                      1:1.14.1-2ubuntu1                         deb           
autotools-dev                 20130810.1                                deb           
backo2                        1.0.2                                     npm           
backports-abc                 0.4                                       python        
backports.ssl-match-hostname  3.5.0.1                                   python        
balanced-match                0.3.0                                     npm           
base-files                    7.2ubuntu5.4                              deb           
base-passwd                   3.5.33                                    deb           
base64-arraybuffer            0.1.2                                     npm           
base64id                      0.1.0                                     npm           
bash                          4.3-7ubuntu1.5                            deb           
basic-auth-connect            1.0.0                                     npm           
batch                         0.5.0                                     npm           
benchmark                     1.0.0                                     npm           
better-assert                 1.0.2                                     npm           
binutils                      2.24-5ubuntu14                            deb           
bioblend                      0.6.1                                     python        
biopython                     1.66                                      python        
blob                          0.0.4                                     npm           
boto                          2.38.0                                    python        
brace-expansion               1.1.3                                     npm           
bsdmainutils                  9.0.5ubuntu1                              deb           
bsdutils                      1:2.20.1-5.1ubuntu20.7                    deb           
buffer-crc32                  0.2.1                                     npm           
build-essential               11.6ubuntu6                               deb           
busybox-initramfs             1:1.21.0-1ubuntu1                         deb           
bx-python                     0.7.3                                     python        
bytes                         0.2.1                                     npm           
bzip2                         1.0.6-5                                   deb           
ca-certificates               20160104ubuntu0.14.04.1                   deb           
callsite                      1.0.0                                     npm           
cdbs                          0.4.122ubuntu2                            deb           
certifi                       2016.2.28                                 python        
chalk                         1.1.1                                     npm           
chardet                       2.0.1                                     python        
chardet                       2.2.1                                     python        
chmodr                        0.1.0                                     npm           
chownr                        0.0.1                                     npm           
coffee-script                 1.3.3                                     npm           
color-convert                 1.0.0                                     npm           
colorama                      0.2.5                                     python        
colors                        0.6.2                                     npm           
comerr-dev                    2.1-1.42.9-3ubuntu1.3                     deb           
commander                     1.3.2                                     npm           
component-bind                1.0.0                                     npm           
component-emitter             1.1.2                                     npm           
component-emitter             1.2.0                                     npm           
component-inherit             0.0.3                                     npm           
compressible                  1.0.0                                     npm           
compression                   1.0.0                                     npm           
concat-map                    0.0.1                                     npm           
config-chain                  1.1.7                                     npm           
connect                       2.14.1                                    npm           
connect-timeout               1.0.0                                     npm           
console-setup                 1.70ubuntu8                               deb           
cookie                        0.1.0                                     npm           
cookie                        0.1.1                                     npm           
cookie-parser                 1.0.1                                     npm           
cookie-signature              1.0.3                                     npm           
core-util-is                  1.0.2                                     npm           
coreutils                     8.21-1ubuntu5.3                           deb           
couch-login                   0.1.18                                    npm           
cpio                          2.11+dfsg-1ubuntu1.2                      deb           
cpp                           4:4.8.2-1ubuntu6                          deb           
cpp-4.8                       4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
cron                          3.0pl1-124ubuntu2                         deb           
csurf                         1.0.0                                     npm           
curl                          7.35.0-1ubuntu2.6                         deb           
dash                          0.5.7-4ubuntu1                            deb           
dateformat                    1.0.2-1.2.3                               npm           
debconf                       1.5.51ubuntu2                             deb           
debconf-i18n                  1.5.51ubuntu2                             deb           
debhelper                     9.20131227ubuntu1                         deb           
debianutils                   4.4                                       deb           
debug                         0.7.4                                     npm           
debug                         0.8.1                                     npm           
debug                         2.2.0                                     npm           
decorator                     4.0.2                                     python        
decorator                     4.0.9                                     python        
dh-apparmor                   2.8.95~2430-0ubuntu5.3                    deb           
dh-python                     1.20140128-1ubuntu8.2                     deb           
dh-translations               121                                       deb           
diffutils                     1:3.3-1                                   deb           
dmsetup                       2:1.02.77-6ubuntu2                        deb           
docutils                      0.12                                      python        
dpkg                          1.17.5ubuntu5.5                           deb           
dpkg-dev                      1.17.5ubuntu5.5                           deb           
e2fslibs                      1.42.9-3ubuntu1.3                         deb           
e2fsprogs                     1.42.9-3ubuntu1.3                         deb           
ecdsa                         0.13                                      python        
editor                        0.0.4                                     npm           
eject                         2.1.5+deb1+cvs20081104-13.1               deb           
engine.io                     1.6.8                                     npm           
engine.io-client              1.6.8                                     npm           
engine.io-parser              1.2.4                                     npm           
errorhandler                  1.0.0                                     npm           
escape-string-regexp          1.0.5                                     npm           
esprima                       1.0.4                                     npm           
eventemitter2                 0.4.14                                    npm           
exit                          0.1.2                                     npm           
express                       3.5.1                                     npm           
express-session               1.0.2                                     npm           
extend                        1.2.1                                     npm           
file                          1:5.14-2ubuntu3.3                         deb           
find-up                       1.1.2                                     npm           
findup-sync                   0.1.3                                     npm           
findutils                     4.4.2-7                                   deb           
flopmang                      0.0.1                                     npm           
fontconfig                    2.11.0-0ubuntu4.1                         deb           
fontconfig-config             2.11.0-0ubuntu4.1                         deb           
fonts-dejavu-core             2.34-1ubuntu1                             deb           
fonts-lmodern                 2.004.4-3                                 deb           
fresh                         0.2.2                                     npm           
fstream-npm                   0.1.5                                     npm           
g++                           4:4.8.2-1ubuntu6                          deb           
g++-4.8                       4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
galaxy-charts                 0.0.0                                     npm           
galaxy-client                 0.1.0                                     npm           
galaxy-proxy                  0.0.1                                     npm           
galaxy-qunit-tests            1.0.0                                     npm           
galaxy-scatterplot            0.0.0                                     npm           
gcc                           4:4.8.2-1ubuntu6                          deb           
gcc-4.8                       4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
gcc-4.8-base                  4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
gcc-4.9-base                  4.9.3-0ubuntu4                            deb           
getobject                     0.1.0                                     npm           
gettext                                                                 java-archive  
gettext                       0.18.3.1-1ubuntu3                         deb           
gettext-base                  0.18.3.1-1ubuntu3                         deb           
gfortran                      4:4.8.2-1ubuntu6                          deb           
gfortran-4.8                  4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
git                           1:1.9.1-1ubuntu0.2                        deb           
git-doc                       1:1.9.1-1ubuntu0.2                        deb           
git-man                       1:1.9.1-1ubuntu0.2                        deb           
github-url-from-git           1.1.1                                     npm           
glob                          3.1.21                                    npm           
glob                          3.2.11                                    npm           
gmaj                          $JarDate: Sat Jul 30 15:55:54 EDT 2011 $  java-archive  
gnupg                         1.4.16-1ubuntu2.3                         deb           
gpgv                          1.4.16-1ubuntu2.3                         deb           
graceful-fs                   1.2.3                                     npm           
grep                          2.16-1                                    deb           
groff-base                    1.22.2-5                                  deb           
grunt                         0.4.5                                     npm           
grunt-contrib-clean           0.6.0                                     npm           
grunt-git                     0.3.7                                     npm           
grunt-legacy-log              0.1.3                                     npm           
grunt-legacy-log-utils        0.1.1                                     npm           
grunt-legacy-util             0.2.0                                     npm           
grunt-mkdir                   0.1.3                                     npm           
grunt-shell                   1.2.1                                     npm           
gyp                           0.1                                       python        
gyp                           0.1~svn1729-3ubuntu1                      deb           
gzip                          1.6-3ubuntu1                              deb           
has-ansi                      2.0.0                                     npm           
has-binary                    0.1.6                                     npm           
has-binary                    0.1.7                                     npm           
has-cors                      1.1.0                                     npm           
hooker                        0.2.3                                     npm           
hostname                      3.15ubuntu1                               deb           
html5lib                      0.999                                     python        
iconv-lite                    0.2.11                                    npm           
ifupdown                      0.7.47.2ubuntu4.3                         deb           
indexof                       0.0.1                                     npm           
inherits                      1.0.2                                     npm           
inherits                      2.0.1                                     npm           
init-package-json             0.0.11                                    npm           
init-system-helpers           1.14                                      deb           
initramfs-tools               0.103ubuntu4.2                            deb           
initramfs-tools-bin           0.103ubuntu4.2                            deb           
initscripts                   2.88dsf-41ubuntu6.3                       deb           
insserv                       1.14.0-5ubuntu2                           deb           
intltool                      0.50.2-2                                  deb           
intltool-debian               0.35.0+20060710.1                         deb           
iproute2                      3.12.0-2ubuntu1                           deb           
iputils-ping                  3:20121221-4ubuntu1.1                     deb           
ipykernel                     4.3.1                                     python        
ipython                       4.1.2                                     python        
ipython-genutils              0.1.0                                     python        
ipywidgets                    4.1.1                                     python        
isarray                       0.0.1                                     npm           
isc-dhcp-client               4.2.4-7ubuntu12.4                         deb           
isc-dhcp-common               4.2.4-7ubuntu12.4                         deb           
javascript-common             11                                        deb           
js-yaml                       2.0.5                                     npm           
json3                         3.2.6                                     npm           
json3                         3.3.2                                     npm           
jsonschema                    2.5.1                                     python        
jupyter                       1.0.0                                     python        
jupyter-client                4.2.1                                     python        
jupyter-console               4.1.1                                     python        
jupyter-core                  4.0.6                                     python        
kbd                           1.15.5-1ubuntu1                           deb           
keyboard-configuration        1.70ubuntu8                               deb           
keypress                      0.1.0                                     npm           
klibc-utils                   2.0.3-0ubuntu1                            deb           
kmod                          15-0ubuntu6                               deb           
kombu                         3.0.30                                    python        
krb5-multidev                 1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
laj                           $JarDate: Fri Feb 2 17:55:02 EST 2007 $   java-archive  
less                          458-2                                     deb           
libacl1                       2.2.52-1                                  deb           
libapparmor1                  2.8.95~2430-0ubuntu5.3                    deb           
libapt-inst1.5                1.0.1ubuntu2.11                           deb           
libapt-pkg4.12                1.0.1ubuntu2.11                           deb           
libarchive-extract-perl       0.70-1                                    deb           
libasan0                      4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libasn1-8-heimdal             1.6~git20131207+dfsg-1ubuntu1.1           deb           
libasprintf0c2                0.18.3.1-1ubuntu3                         deb           
libatomic1                    4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libattr1                      1:2.4.47-1ubuntu1                         deb           
libaudit-common               1:2.3.2-2ubuntu1                          deb           
libaudit1                     1:2.3.2-2ubuntu1                          deb           
libavahi-client3              0.6.31-4ubuntu1                           deb           
libavahi-common-data          0.6.31-4ubuntu1                           deb           
libavahi-common3              0.6.31-4ubuntu1                           deb           
libblas-dev                   1.2.20110419-7                            deb           
libblas3                      1.2.20110419-7                            deb           
libblkid1                     2.20.1-5.1ubuntu20.7                      deb           
libbsd0                       0.6.0-2ubuntu1                            deb           
libbz2-1.0                    1.0.6-5                                   deb           
libbz2-dev                    1.0.6-5                                   deb           
libc-ares-dev                 1.10.0-2                                  deb           
libc-ares2                    1.10.0-2                                  deb           
libc-bin                      2.19-0ubuntu6.7                           deb           
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-0ubuntu6.7                           deb           
libc6                         2.19-0ubuntu6.7                           deb           
libc6-dev                     2.19-0ubuntu6.7                           deb           
libcairo2                     1.13.0~20140204-0ubuntu1.1                deb           
libcap2                       1:2.24-0ubuntu2                           deb           
libcap2-bin                   1:2.24-0ubuntu2                           deb           
libcgmanager0                 0.24-0ubuntu7.5                           deb           
libcloog-isl4                 0.18.2-1                                  deb           
libcomerr2                    1.42.9-3ubuntu1.3                         deb           
libcroco3                     0.6.8-2ubuntu1                            deb           
libcups2                      1.7.2-0ubuntu1.7                          deb           
libcupsfilters1               1.0.52-0ubuntu1.7                         deb           
libcupsimage2                 1.7.2-0ubuntu1.7                          deb           
libcurl3                      7.35.0-1ubuntu2.6                         deb           
libcurl3-gnutls               7.35.0-1ubuntu2.6                         deb           
libcurl4-gnutls-dev           7.35.0-1ubuntu2.6                         deb           
libdatrie1                    0.2.8-1                                   deb           
libdb5.3                      5.3.28-3ubuntu3                           deb           
libdbus-1-3                   1.6.18-0ubuntu4.3                         deb           
libdebconfclient0             0.187ubuntu1                              deb           
libdevmapper1.02.1            2:1.02.77-6ubuntu2                        deb           
libdpkg-perl                  1.17.5ubuntu5.5                           deb           
libdrm-intel1                 2.4.64-1~ubuntu14.04.1                    deb           
libdrm-nouveau2               2.4.64-1~ubuntu14.04.1                    deb           
libdrm-radeon1                2.4.64-1~ubuntu14.04.1                    deb           
libdrm2                       2.4.64-1~ubuntu14.04.1                    deb           
libedit2                      3.1-20130712-2                            deb           
libelf1                       0.158-0ubuntu5.2                          deb           
libencode-locale-perl         1.03-1                                    deb           
liberror-perl                 0.17-1.1                                  deb           
libestr0                      0.1.9-0ubuntu2                            deb           
libexpat1                     2.1.0-4ubuntu1.1                          deb           
libexpat1-dev                 2.1.0-4ubuntu1.1                          deb           
libffi6                       3.1~rc1+r3.0.13-12ubuntu0.1               deb           
libfile-listing-perl          6.04-1                                    deb           
libfontconfig1                2.11.0-0ubuntu4.1                         deb           
libfontenc1                   1:1.1.2-1                                 deb           
libfreetype6                  2.5.2-1ubuntu2.5                          deb           
libfribidi0                   0.19.6-1                                  deb           
libgcc-4.8-dev                4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libgcc1                       1:4.9.3-0ubuntu4                          deb           
libgcrypt11                   1.5.3-2ubuntu4.3                          deb           
libgcrypt11-dev               1.5.3-2ubuntu4.3                          deb           
libgdbm3                      1.8.3-12build1                            deb           
libgfortran-4.8-dev           4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libgfortran3                  4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libgl1-mesa-dri               10.1.3-0ubuntu0.6                         deb           
libgl1-mesa-glx               10.1.3-0ubuntu0.6                         deb           
libglapi-mesa                 10.1.3-0ubuntu0.6                         deb           
libglib2.0-0                  2.40.2-0ubuntu1                           deb           
libgmp10                      2:5.1.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1                     deb           
libgnutls-dev                 2.12.23-12ubuntu2.5                       deb           
libgnutls-openssl27           2.12.23-12ubuntu2.5                       deb           
libgnutls26                   2.12.23-12ubuntu2.5                       deb           
libgnutlsxx27                 2.12.23-12ubuntu2.5                       deb           
libgomp1                      4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libgpg-error-dev              1.12-0.2ubuntu1                           deb           
libgpg-error0                 1.12-0.2ubuntu1                           deb           
libgpm2                       1.20.4-6.1                                deb           
libgraphite2-3                1.2.4-1ubuntu1.1                          deb           
libgs9                        9.10~dfsg-0ubuntu10.4                     deb           
libgs9-common                 9.10~dfsg-0ubuntu10.4                     deb           
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
libgssapi3-heimdal            1.6~git20131207+dfsg-1ubuntu1.1           deb           
libgssrpc4                    1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
libharfbuzz0b                 0.9.27-1ubuntu1                           deb           
libhcrypto4-heimdal           1.6~git20131207+dfsg-1ubuntu1.1           deb           
libheimbase1-heimdal          1.6~git20131207+dfsg-1ubuntu1.1           deb           
libheimntlm0-heimdal          1.6~git20131207+dfsg-1ubuntu1.1           deb           
libhtml-parser-perl           3.71-1build1                              deb           
libhtml-tagset-perl           3.20-2                                    deb           
libhtml-tree-perl             5.03-1                                    deb           
libhttp-cookies-perl          6.00-2                                    deb           
libhttp-date-perl             6.02-1                                    deb           
libhttp-message-perl          6.06-1                                    deb           
libhttp-negotiate-perl        6.00-2                                    deb           
libhx509-5-heimdal            1.6~git20131207+dfsg-1ubuntu1.1           deb           
libice6                       2:1.0.8-2                                 deb           
libicu52                      52.1-3ubuntu0.4                           deb           
libidn11                      1.28-1ubuntu2                             deb           
libidn11-dev                  1.28-1ubuntu2                             deb           
libijs-0.35                   0.35-8build1                              deb           
libintl                                                                 java-archive  
libio-html-perl               1.00-1                                    deb           
libio-socket-ssl-perl         1.965-1ubuntu1                            deb           
libisl10                      0.12.2-1                                  deb           
libitm1                       4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libjbig0                      2.0-2ubuntu4.1                            deb           
libjbig2dec0                  0.11+20120125-1ubuntu1                    deb           
libjpeg-dev                   8c-2ubuntu8                               deb           
libjpeg-turbo8                1.3.0-0ubuntu2                            deb           
libjpeg-turbo8-dev            1.3.0-0ubuntu2                            deb           
libjpeg8                      8c-2ubuntu8                               deb           
libjpeg8-dev                  8c-2ubuntu8                               deb           
libjs-node-uuid               1.4.0-1                                   deb           
libjson-c2                    0.11-3ubuntu1.2                           deb           
libjson0                      0.11-3ubuntu1.2                           deb           
libk5crypto3                  1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
libkdb5-7                     1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
libkeyutils1                  1.5.6-1                                   deb           
libklibc                      2.0.3-0ubuntu1                            deb           
libkmod2                      15-0ubuntu6                               deb           
libkpathsea6                  2013.20130729.30972-2build3               deb           
libkrb5-26-heimdal            1.6~git20131207+dfsg-1ubuntu1.1           deb           
libkrb5-3                     1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
libkrb5-dev                   1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
libkrb5support0               1.12+dfsg-2ubuntu5.2                      deb           
liblapack-dev                 3.5.0-2ubuntu1                            deb           
liblapack3                    3.5.0-2ubuntu1                            deb           
liblcms2-2                    2.5-0ubuntu4                              deb           
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.31-1+nmu2ubuntu8.2                    deb           
libldap2-dev                  2.4.31-1+nmu2ubuntu8.2                    deb           
libllvm3.4                    1:3.4-1ubuntu3                            deb           
liblocale-gettext-perl        1.05-7build3                              deb           
liblockfile-bin               1.09-6ubuntu1                             deb           
liblockfile1                  1.09-6ubuntu1                             deb           
liblog-message-simple-perl    0.10-1                                    deb           
liblwp-mediatypes-perl        6.02-1                                    deb           
liblwp-protocol-https-perl    6.04-2ubuntu0.1                           deb           
liblzma-dev                   5.1.1alpha+20120614-2ubuntu2              deb           
liblzma5                      5.1.1alpha+20120614-2ubuntu2              deb           
libmagic1                     1:5.14-2ubuntu3.3                         deb           
libmodule-pluggable-perl      5.1-1                                     deb           
libmount1                     2.20.1-5.1ubuntu20.7                      deb           
libmpc3                       1.0.1-1ubuntu1                            deb           
libmpdec2                     2.4.0-6                                   deb           
libmpfr4                      3.1.2-1                                   deb           
libncurses5                   5.9+20140118-1ubuntu1                     deb           
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140118-1ubuntu1                     deb           
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140118-1ubuntu1                     deb           
libnet-http-perl              6.06-1                                    deb           
libnet-ssleay-perl            1.58-1                                    deb           
libnewt0.52                   0.52.15-2ubuntu5                          deb           
libnih-dbus1                  1.0.3-4ubuntu25                           deb           
libnih1                       1.0.3-4ubuntu25                           deb           
libp11-kit-dev                0.20.2-2ubuntu2                           deb           
libp11-kit0                   0.20.2-2ubuntu2                           deb           
libpam-cap                    1:2.24-0ubuntu2                           deb           
libpam-modules                1.1.8-1ubuntu2                            deb           
libpam-modules-bin            1.1.8-1ubuntu2                            deb           
libpam-runtime                1.1.8-1ubuntu2                            deb           
libpam0g                      1.1.8-1ubuntu2                            deb           
libpango-1.0-0                1.36.3-1ubuntu1.1                         deb           
libpangocairo-1.0-0           1.36.3-1ubuntu1.1                         deb           
libpangoft2-1.0-0             1.36.3-1ubuntu1.1                         deb           
libpaper-utils                1.1.24+nmu2ubuntu3                        deb           
libpaper1                     1.1.24+nmu2ubuntu3                        deb           
libpciaccess0                 0.13.2-1                                  deb           
libpcre3                      1:8.31-2ubuntu2.1                         deb           
libpcre3-dev                  1:8.31-2ubuntu2.1                         deb           
libpcrecpp0                   1:8.31-2ubuntu2.1                         deb           
libpipeline1                  1.3.0-1                                   deb           
libpixman-1-0                 0.30.2-2ubuntu1.1                         deb           
libplymouth2                  0.8.8-0ubuntu17.1                         deb           
libpng12-0                    1.2.50-1ubuntu2.14.04.2                   deb           
libpng12-dev                  1.2.50-1ubuntu2.14.04.2                   deb           
libpod-latex-perl             0.61-1                                    deb           
libpoppler44                  0.24.5-2ubuntu4.3                         deb           
libpopt0                      1.16-8ubuntu1                             deb           
libprocps3                    1:3.3.9-1ubuntu2.2                        deb           
libptexenc1                   2013.20130729.30972-2build3               deb           
libpython-dev                 2.7.5-5ubuntu3                            deb           
libpython-stdlib              2.7.5-5ubuntu3                            deb           
libpython2.7                  2.7.6-8ubuntu0.2                          deb           
libpython2.7-dev              2.7.6-8ubuntu0.2                          deb           
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.6-8ubuntu0.2                          deb           
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.6-8ubuntu0.2                          deb           
libpython3-dev                3.4.0-0ubuntu2                            deb           
libpython3-stdlib             3.4.0-0ubuntu2                            deb           
libpython3.4                  3.4.3-1ubuntu1~14.04.3                    deb           
libpython3.4-dev              3.4.3-1ubuntu1~14.04.3                    deb           
libpython3.4-minimal          3.4.3-1ubuntu1~14.04.3                    deb           
libpython3.4-stdlib           3.4.3-1ubuntu1~14.04.3                    deb           
libquadmath0                  4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libreadline-dev               6.3-4ubuntu2                              deb           
libreadline6                  6.3-4ubuntu2                              deb           
libreadline6-dev              6.3-4ubuntu2                              deb           
libroken18-heimdal            1.6~git20131207+dfsg-1ubuntu1.1           deb           
librtmp-dev                   2.4+20121230.gitdf6c518-1                 deb           
librtmp0                      2.4+20121230.gitdf6c518-1                 deb           
libsasl2-2                    2.1.25.dfsg1-17build1                     deb           
libsasl2-modules-db           2.1.25.dfsg1-17build1                     deb           
libselinux1                   2.2.2-1ubuntu0.1                          deb           
libsemanage-common            2.2-1                                     deb           
libsemanage1                  2.2-1                                     deb           
libsepol1                     2.2-1ubuntu0.1                            deb           
libsigsegv2                   2.10-2                                    deb           
libslang2                     2.2.4-15ubuntu1                           deb           
libsm6                        2:1.2.1-2                                 deb           
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.2-1ubuntu2.1                          deb           
libss2                        1.42.9-3ubuntu1.3                         deb           
libssl-dev                    1.0.1f-1ubuntu2.18                        deb           
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1f-1ubuntu2.18                        deb           
libstdc++-4.8-dev             4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libstdc++6                    4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libtasn1-6                    3.4-3ubuntu0.3                            deb           
libtasn1-6-dev                3.4-3ubuntu0.3                            deb           
libtcl8.6                     8.6.1-4ubuntu1                            deb           
libterm-ui-perl               0.42-1                                    deb           
libtext-charwidth-perl        0.04-7build3                              deb           
libtext-iconv-perl            1.7-5build2                               deb           
libtext-soundex-perl          3.4-1build1                               deb           
libtext-wrapi18n-perl         0.06-7                                    deb           
libthai-data                  0.1.20-3                                  deb           
libthai0                      0.1.20-3                                  deb           
libtiff5                      4.0.3-7ubuntu0.3                          deb           
libtimedate-perl              2.3000-1                                  deb           
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140118-1ubuntu1                     deb           
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140118-1ubuntu1                     deb           
libtk8.6                      8.6.1-3ubuntu2                            deb           
libtsan0                      4.8.4-2ubuntu1~14.04.1                    deb           
libtxc-dxtn-s2tc0             0~git20131104-1.1                         deb           
libudev1                      204-5ubuntu20.18                          deb           
libunistring0                 0.9.3-5ubuntu3                            deb           
liburi-perl                   1.60-1                                    deb           
libusb-0.1-4                  2:0.1.12-23.3ubuntu1                      deb           
libustr-1.0-1                 1.0.4-3ubuntu2                            deb           
libuuid1                      2.20.1-5.1ubuntu20.7                      deb           
libv8-3.14-dev                3.14.5.8-5ubuntu2                         deb           
libv8-3.14.5                  3.14.5.8-5ubuntu2                         deb           
libwind0-heimdal              1.6~git20131207+dfsg-1ubuntu1.1           deb           
libwww-perl                   6.05-2                                    deb           
libwww-robotrules-perl        6.01-1                                    deb           
libx11-6                      2:1.6.2-1ubuntu2                          deb           
libx11-data                   2:1.6.2-1ubuntu2                          deb           
libx11-xcb1                   2:1.6.2-1ubuntu2                          deb           
libxau6                       1:1.0.8-1                                 deb           
libxaw7                       2:1.0.12-1                                deb           
libxcb-dri2-0                 1.10-2ubuntu1                             deb           
libxcb-dri3-0                 1.10-2ubuntu1                             deb           
libxcb-glx0                   1.10-2ubuntu1                             deb           
libxcb-present0               1.10-2ubuntu1                             deb           
libxcb-render0                1.10-2ubuntu1                             deb           
libxcb-shm0                   1.10-2ubuntu1                             deb           
libxcb-sync1                  1.10-2ubuntu1                             deb           
libxcb1                       1.10-2ubuntu1                             deb           
libxdamage1                   1:1.1.4-1ubuntu1                          deb           
libxdmcp6                     1:1.1.1-1                                 deb           
libxext6                      2:1.3.2-1ubuntu0.0.14.04.1                deb           
libxfixes3                    1:5.0.1-1ubuntu1.1                        deb           
libxfont1                     1:1.4.7-1ubuntu0.2                        deb           
libxft2                       2.3.1-2                                   deb           
libxkbfile1                   1:1.0.8-1                                 deb           
libxml-parser-perl            2.41-1build3                              deb           
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-3ubuntu4.7                    deb           
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-3ubuntu4.7                    deb           
libxmu6                       2:1.1.1-1                                 deb           
libxmuu1                      2:1.1.1-1                                 deb           
libxpm4                       1:3.5.10-1                                deb           
libxrender1                   1:0.9.8-1build0.14.04.1                   deb           
libxshmfence1                 1.1-2                                     deb           
libxss1                       1:1.2.2-1                                 deb           
libxt6                        1:1.1.4-1                                 deb           
libxxf86vm1                   1:1.1.3-1                                 deb           
linux-libc-dev                3.13.0-79.123                             deb           
lmodern                       2.004.4-3                                 deb           
load-grunt-tasks              3.4.1                                     npm           
locales                       2.13+git20120306-12.1                     deb           
lockfile-progs                0.1.17                                    deb           
lodash                        0.9.2                                     npm           
lodash                        2.4.2                                     npm           
login                         1:4.1.5.1-1ubuntu9.2                      deb           
logrotate                     3.8.7-1ubuntu1                            deb           
lru-cache                     2.7.3                                     npm           
lsb-base                      4.1+Debian11ubuntu6                       deb           
lsb-release                   4.1+Debian11ubuntu6                       deb           
luatex                        0.76.0-3ubuntu1                           deb           
m4                            1.4.17-2ubuntu1                           deb           
make                          3.81-8.2ubuntu3                           deb           
makedev                       2.3.1-93ubuntu1                           deb           
man-db                        2.6.7.1-1ubuntu1                          deb           
mawk                          1.3.3-17ubuntu2                           deb           
meld3                         0.6.10                                    python        
mercurial                     3.4.2                                     python        
merge-descriptors             0.0.2                                     npm           
method-override               1.0.0                                     npm           
methods                       0.1.0                                     npm           
mime                          1.2.11                                    npm           
mime-db                       1.12.0                                    npm           
mime-support                  3.54ubuntu1.1                             deb           
mime-types                    2.0.14                                    npm           
minimatch                     0.2.14                                    npm           
minimatch                     0.3.0                                     npm           
minimatch                     3.0.0                                     npm           
minimist                      0.0.10                                    npm           
mistune                       0.7.2                                     python        
mkdirp                        0.3.5                                     npm           
module-init-tools             15-0ubuntu6                               deb           
morgan                        1.0.0                                     npm           
mount                         2.20.1-5.1ubuntu20.7                      deb           
mountall                      2.53                                      deb           
ms                            0.7.1                                     npm           
multiarch-support             2.19-0ubuntu6.7                           deb           
multimatch                    2.1.0                                     npm           
multiparty                    2.2.0                                     npm           
nan                           2.0.5                                     npm           
nano                          2.2.6-1ubuntu1                            deb           
nbconvert                     4.1.0                                     python        
nbformat                      4.0.1                                     python        
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140118-1ubuntu1                     deb           
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140118-1ubuntu1                     deb           
negotiator                    0.3.0                                     npm           
negotiator                    0.4.2                                     npm           
negotiator                    0.4.9                                     npm           
net-tools                     1.60-25ubuntu2.1                          deb           
netbase                       5.2                                       deb           
netcat-openbsd                1.105-7ubuntu1                            deb           
node-abbrev                   1.0.4-2                                   deb           
node-ansi                     0.2.1-1                                   deb           
node-archy                    0.0.2-1                                   deb           
node-async                    0.2.5-1                                   deb           
node-block-stream             0.0.7-1                                   deb           
node-combined-stream          0.0.4-1                                   deb           
node-cookie-jar               0.3.1-1                                   deb           
node-delayed-stream           0.0.5-1                                   deb           
node-forever-agent            0.5.1-1                                   deb           
node-form-data                0.1.0-1                                   deb           
node-fstream                  0.1.24-1                                  deb           
node-fstream-ignore           0.0.6-2                                   deb           
node-github-url-from-git      1.1.1-1                                   deb           
node-glob                     3.2.6-1                                   deb           
node-graceful-fs              2.0.0-2                                   deb           
node-gyp                      0.10.10                                   npm           
node-gyp                      0.10.10-2                                 deb           
node-inherits                 2.0.0-1                                   deb           
node-ini                      1.1.0-1                                   deb           
node-json-stringify-safe      5.0.0-1                                   deb           
node-lockfile                 0.4.1-1                                   deb           
node-lru-cache                2.3.1-1                                   deb           
node-mime                     1.2.11-1                                  deb           
node-minimatch                0.2.12-1                                  deb           
node-mkdirp                   0.3.5-1                                   deb           
node-mute-stream              0.0.3-1                                   deb           
node-node-uuid                1.4.0-1                                   deb           
node-nopt                     2.1.2-1                                   deb           
node-normalize-package-data   0.2.2-1                                   deb           
node-npmlog                   0.0.4-1                                   deb           
node-once                     1.1.1-1                                   deb           
node-osenv                    0.0.3-1                                   deb           
node-qs                       0.6.5-1                                   deb           
node-read                     1.0.4-1                                   deb           
node-read-package-json        1.1.3-1                                   deb           
node-request                  2.26.1-1                                  deb           
node-retry                    0.6.0-1                                   deb           
node-rimraf                   2.2.2-2                                   deb           
node-semver                   2.1.0-2                                   deb           
node-sha                      1.2.3-1                                   deb           
node-sigmund                  1.0.0-1                                   deb           
node-slide                    1.1.4-1                                   deb           
node-tar                      0.1.18-1                                  deb           
node-tunnel-agent             0.3.1-1                                   deb           
node-which                    1.0.5-2                                   deb           
nodejs                        0.10.25~dfsg2-2ubuntu1                    deb           
nodejs-dev                    0.10.25~dfsg2-2ubuntu1                    deb           
nodejs-legacy                 0.10.25~dfsg2-2ubuntu1                    deb           
nopt                          1.0.10                                    npm           
normalize-package-data        0.2.2                                     npm           
nose                          1.3.7                                     python        
notebook                      4.1.0                                     python        
npm                           1.3.10                                    npm           
npm                           1.3.10~dfsg-1                             deb           
npm-init                      0.0.0                                     npm           
npm-registry-client           0.2.28                                    npm           
npm-user-validate             0.0.3                                     npm           
npmconf                       0.1.2                                     npm           
ntpdate                       1:4.2.6.p5+dfsg-3ubuntu2.14.04.8          deb           
numpy                         1.8.2                                     python        
numpy                         1.9.2                                     python        
object-component              0.0.3                                     npm           
opener                        1.3.0                                     npm           
openssh-client                1:6.6p1-2ubuntu2.6                        deb           
openssl                       1.0.1f-1ubuntu2.18                        deb           
optimist                      0.6.1                                     npm           
options                       0.0.6                                     npm           
pandoc                        1.16.0.2-1                                deb           
paramiko                      1.15.2                                    python        
parsejson                     0.0.1                                     npm           
parseqs                       0.0.2                                     npm           
parseuri                      0.0.4                                     npm           
passwd                        1:4.1.5.1-1ubuntu9.2                      deb           
patch                         2.7.1-4ubuntu2.3                          deb           
path-exists                   2.1.0                                     npm           
path.py                       8.1.2                                     python        
pause                         0.0.1                                     npm           
pax                                                                     java-archive  
pbr                           1.8.0                                     python        
perl                          5.18.2-2ubuntu1.1                         deb           
perl-base                     5.18.2-2ubuntu1.1                         deb           
perl-modules                  5.18.2-2ubuntu1.1                         deb           
pexpect                       4.0.1                                     python        
pickleshare                   0.6                                       python        
pinkie                        2.0.4                                     npm           
pinkie-promise                2.0.0                                     npm           
pip                           1.5.4                                     python        
pip                           8.0.2+gx2                                 python        
pkg-config                    0.26-1ubuntu4                             deb           
pkg-up                        1.0.0                                     npm           
plymouth                      0.8.8-0ubuntu17.1                         deb           
po-debconf                    1.0.16+nmu2ubuntu1                        deb           
poppler-data                  0.4.6-4                                   deb           
poppler-utils                 0.24.5-2ubuntu4.3                         deb           
preview-latex-style           11.87-1ubuntu2                            deb           
procps                        1:3.3.9-1ubuntu2.2                        deb           
promzard                      0.2.0                                     npm           
proto-list                    1.2.2                                     npm           
psmisc                        22.20-1ubuntu2                            deb           
pty.js                        0.3.0                                     npm           
ptyprocess                    0.5.1                                     python        
pycrypto                      2.6.1                                     python        
pysam                         0.8.4+gx1                                 python        
python                        2.7.5-5ubuntu3                            deb           
python-chardet                2.0.1-2build2                             deb           
python-chardet-whl            2.2.1-2~ubuntu1                           deb           
python-colorama               0.2.5-0.1ubuntu2                          deb           
python-colorama-whl           0.2.5-0.1ubuntu2                          deb           
python-dev                    2.7.5-5ubuntu3                            deb           
python-distlib                0.1.8-1ubuntu1                            deb           
python-distlib-whl            0.1.8-1ubuntu1                            deb           
python-html5lib               0.999-3~ubuntu1                           deb           
python-html5lib-whl           0.999-3~ubuntu1                           deb           
python-meld3                  0.6.10-1                                  deb           
python-minimal                2.7.5-5ubuntu3                            deb           
python-pip                    1.5.4-1ubuntu3                            deb           
python-pip-whl                1.5.4-1ubuntu3                            deb           
python-pkg-resources          3.3-1ubuntu2                              deb           
python-requests               2.2.1-1ubuntu0.3                          deb           
python-requests-whl           2.2.1-1ubuntu0.3                          deb           
python-scour                  0.26-3build1                              deb           
python-setuptools             3.3-1ubuntu2                              deb           
python-setuptools-whl         3.3-1ubuntu2                              deb           
python-six                    1.5.2-1ubuntu1                            deb           
python-six-whl                1.5.2-1ubuntu1                            deb           
python-urllib3                1.7.1-1ubuntu4                            deb           
python-urllib3-whl            1.7.1-1ubuntu4                            deb           
python2.7                     2.7.6-8ubuntu0.2                          deb           
python2.7-dev                 2.7.6-8ubuntu0.2                          deb           
python2.7-minimal             2.7.6-8ubuntu0.2                          deb           
python3                       3.4.0-0ubuntu2                            deb           
python3-chardet               2.2.1-2~ubuntu1                           deb           
python3-colorama              0.2.5-0.1ubuntu2                          deb           
python3-dev                   3.4.0-0ubuntu2                            deb           
python3-distlib               0.1.8-1ubuntu1                            deb           
python3-html5lib              0.999-3~ubuntu1                           deb           
python3-minimal               3.4.0-0ubuntu2                            deb           
python3-numpy                 1:1.8.2-0ubuntu0.1                        deb           
python3-pip                   1.5.4-1ubuntu3                            deb           
python3-pkg-resources         3.3-1ubuntu2                              deb           
python3-requests              2.2.1-1ubuntu0.3                          deb           
python3-setuptools            3.3-1ubuntu2                              deb           
python3-six                   1.5.2-1ubuntu1                            deb           
python3-urllib3               1.7.1-1ubuntu4                            deb           
python3.4                     3.4.3-1ubuntu1~14.04.3                    deb           
python3.4-dev                 3.4.3-1ubuntu1~14.04.3                    deb           
python3.4-minimal             3.4.3-1ubuntu1~14.04.3                    deb           
pytz                          2015.4                                    python        
pyzmq                         15.2.0                                    python        
qs                            0.6.6                                     npm           
qtconsole                     4.2.0                                     python        
r-base                        3.2.3-6trusty0                            deb           
r-base-core                   3.2.3-6trusty0                            deb           
r-base-dev                    3.2.3-6trusty0                            deb           
r-cran-boot                   1.3-17-1trusty0                           deb           
r-cran-class                  7.3-14-1trusty0                           deb           
r-cran-cluster                2.0.3-1trusty0                            deb           
r-cran-codetools              0.2-14-1~ubuntu14.04.1~ppa1               deb           
r-cran-foreign                0.8.66-1trusty0                           deb           
r-cran-kernsmooth             2.23-15-1trusty0                          deb           
r-cran-lattice                0.20-33-1trusty0                          deb           
r-cran-mass                   7.3-44-1trusty0                           deb           
r-cran-matrix                 1.2-4-1trusty0                            deb           
r-cran-mgcv                   1.8-12-1cran1trusty0                      deb           
r-cran-nlme                   3.1.125-1trusty0                          deb           
r-cran-nnet                   7.3-12-1trusty0                           deb           
r-cran-rpart                  4.1-10-1trusty0                           deb           
r-cran-spatial                7.3-10-1trusty0                           deb           
r-cran-survival               2.38-3-1trusty0                           deb           
r-doc-info                    3.2.3-6trusty0                            deb           
r-recommended                 3.2.3-6trusty0                            deb           
range-parser                  1.0.0                                     npm           
raw-body                      1.1.3                                     npm           
read-installed                0.2.3                                     npm           
readable-stream               1.1.13                                    npm           
readline-common               6.3-4ubuntu2                              deb           
repoze.lru                    0.6                                       python        
requests                      2.2.1                                     python        
requests                      2.8.1                                     python        
requests-toolbelt             0.4.0                                     python        
resolvconf                    1.69ubuntu1.1                             deb           
resolve-from                  2.0.0                                     npm           
resolve-pkg                   0.1.0                                     npm           
response-time                 1.0.0                                     npm           
rimraf                        2.2.8                                     npm           
rstudio-server                0.99.892                                  deb           
rsync                         3.1.0-2ubuntu0.2                          deb           
rsyslog                       7.4.4-1ubuntu2.6                          deb           
screen                        4.1.0~20120320gitdb59704-9                deb           
sed                           4.2.2-4ubuntu1                            deb           
semver                        2.1.0                                     npm           
send                          0.2.0                                     npm           
sensible-utils                0.0.9                                     deb           
serve-index                   1.0.1                                     npm           
serve-static                  1.0.2                                     npm           
setuptools                    18.2                                      python        
setuptools                    20.2.2                                    python        
setuptools                    3.3                                       python        
sigmund                       1.0.1                                     npm           
simplegeneric                 0.8.1                                     python        
singledispatch                3.4.0.3                                   python        
six                           1.5.2                                     python        
six                           1.9.0                                     python        
socket.io                     1.4.5                                     npm           
socket.io-adapter             0.4.0                                     npm           
socket.io-client              1.4.5                                     npm           
socket.io-parser              2.2.2                                     npm           
socket.io-parser              2.2.6                                     npm           
sqlalchemy-migrate            0.10.0                                    python        
sqlparse                      0.1.16                                    python        
static-favicon                1.0.0                                     npm           
stream-counter                0.2.0                                     npm           
string_decoder                0.10.31                                   npm           
strip-ansi                    3.0.1                                     npm           
sudo                          1.8.9p5-1ubuntu1.2                        deb           
supervisor                    3.0b2                                     python        
supervisor                    3.0b2-1                                   deb           
supports-color                2.0.0                                     npm           
sysv-rc                       2.88dsf-41ubuntu6.3                       deb           
sysvinit-utils                2.88dsf-41ubuntu6.3                       deb           
tar                           1.27.1-1                                  deb           
terminado                     0.6                                       python        
tex-common                    4.04                                      deb           
texlive                       2013.20140215-1                           deb           
texlive-base                  2013.20140215-1                           deb           
texlive-binaries              2013.20130729.30972-2build3               deb           
texlive-fonts-recommended     2013.20140215-1                           deb           
texlive-latex-base            2013.20140215-1                           deb           
texlive-latex-extra           2013.20140215-2                           deb           
texlive-latex-recommended     2013.20140215-1                           deb           
texlive-pictures              2013.20140215-1                           deb           
texlive-xetex                 2013.20140215-1                           deb           
tipa                          2:1.3-19                                  deb           
to-array                      0.1.4                                     npm           
tornado                       4.3                                       python        
traitlets                     4.1.0                                     python        
tzdata                        2015g-0ubuntu0.14.04                      deb           
ubuntu-keyring                2012.05.19                                deb           
ubuntu-minimal                1.325                                     deb           
ucf                           3.0027+nmu1                               deb           
udev                          204-5ubuntu20.18                          deb           
uid-number                    0.0.3                                     npm           
uid2                          0.0.3                                     npm           
ultron                        1.0.2                                     npm           
underscore                    1.7.0                                     npm           
underscore                    1.8.3                                     npm           
underscore.string             2.2.1                                     npm           
underscore.string             2.3.3                                     npm           
underscore.string             2.4.0                                     npm           
unzip                         6.0-9ubuntu1.5                            deb           
upstart                       1.12.1-0ubuntu4.2                         deb           
ureadahead                    0.100.0-16                                deb           
urllib3                       1.7.1                                     python        
utf8                          2.1.0                                     npm           
util-linux                    2.20.1-5.1ubuntu20.7                      deb           
utils-merge                   1.0.0                                     npm           
vhost                         1.0.0                                     npm           
vim                           2:7.4.052-1ubuntu3                        deb           
vim-common                    2:7.4.052-1ubuntu3                        deb           
vim-runtime                   2:7.4.052-1ubuntu3                        deb           
vim-tiny                      2:7.4.052-1ubuntu3                        deb           
wchartype                     0.1                                       python        
wget                          1.15-1ubuntu1.14.04.1                     deb           
wheel                         0.24.0                                    python        
which                         1.0.9                                     npm           
whiptail                      0.52.15-2ubuntu5                          deb           
wordwrap                      0.0.3                                     npm           
ws                            1.0.1                                     npm           
wsgiref                       0.1.2                                     python        
x11-common                    1:7.7+1ubuntu8.1                          deb           
x11-xkb-utils                 7.7+1                                     deb           
xauth                         1:1.0.7-1ubuntu1                          deb           
xdg-utils                     1.1.0~rc1-2ubuntu7.1                      deb           
xfonts-base                   1:1.0.3                                   deb           
xfonts-encodings              1:1.0.4-1ubuntu1                          deb           
xfonts-utils                  1:7.7+1                                   deb           
xkb-data                      2.10.1-1ubuntu1                           deb           
xmlhttprequest-ssl            1.5.1                                     npm           
xserver-common                2:1.15.1-0ubuntu2.7                       deb           
xvfb                          2:1.15.1-0ubuntu2.7                       deb           
xz-utils                      5.1.1alpha+20120614-2ubuntu2              deb           
yeast                         0.1.2                                     npm           
zip                           3.0-8                                     deb           
zlib1g                        1:1.2.8.dfsg-1ubuntu1                     deb           
zlib1g-dev                    1:1.2.8.dfsg-1ubuntu1                     deb           
